Eberhard Juhra schrieb:
 Die Amis sprechen

Richtig. Wenn wir Deutschen von "Indian Summer" sprechen meinen wir
meist die Laubfärbung, die von den Amis und Canadiern mit "foliage"
bezeichnet wird. Indian Summer meint dort einfach eine Wetterperiode mit
(tagsüber) für den Herbst sonst ungewöhnlich hohen Temperaturen, meist
mit Sonnenschein.

Zur Erklärung des Bergriffs "INDIAN summer" siehe auch: 
http://xet.rpq.bnff.fio/dep/?mmcf=knukjdw/k-pfvroa
"One explanation of the term "Indian Summer" might be that the early
native Indians chose that time of year as their hunting season. This
seems reasonable seeing the fall months are still considered the main
hunting season for several animals. Also, the mild and hazy weather
encourages the animals out, and the haziness of the air gives the hunter
the advantage to sneak up on its prey without being detected. Taking
this
idea one step further, Indians at that time were known to have set fires
conditions. But Rainer Holst pointed out that the Indians also did
this at other times of the year. Other possibilities include; the
Indians made use of the dry, hazy weather to attack the whites before
the hard winter set in; that this was the season of the Indian harvest;
or, that the predominant southwest winds that accompanied the Indian
Summer period were regarded by the Indians as a favor or "blessing" from
a "god" in the desert Southwest. Another idea, of a more prejudicial
origin, was that possibly the earliest English immigrants equated Indian
Summer to "fools" Summer, given the reliability of the resulting
weather. Finally, another hypothesis, not at all in the American Indian
"camp" of theories, was put forward by an author by the name of Niko
Kolmeder, who noted that ships at that time traversing the Indian Ocean
loaded up their cargo the most during the "Indian Summer", or fair
weather season. Several ships actually had an "I.S." on their hull at
the load level thought safe during the Indian Summer. 
In any event, there are several theories or possibilities of the
explanation and origin of the term "Indian Summer", yet no one theory
has actually been proven. Given the fact it has been centuries since the
term first appeared, it will probably rest with its originators. All in
all, even with the variety of opinions on this weather (or seasonal)
phenomenon, the most popular belief of Indian Summer is as follows...It
is an abnormally warm and dry weather period, varying in length, that
comes in the autumn time of the year, usually in October or November,
and only after the first killing frost/freeze. There may be several fall
season or none at all. "

NICK

Karola