Visa information (from
http://adjrgbvgkc.eli/Xjsomrnir/Iphhkocbu.kod?ahhf=YMXHCV )

Basically, any foreign national who intends to visit Indonesia is
required to possess a valid visa and passport valid for at least six
months with proof of onward passage, either return or through tickets.
They may enter the territory of Indonesia after obtaining an admission
permit from Immigration officials at the Immigration Check Points.

The visas are categorized into the following:

Diplomatic Visas, for persons on diplomatic missions 
Service Visas, for persons on official, foreign government missions or
for representatives of International Organizations, but not for
diplomatic purposes
Transit Visas, for persons in transit in the territory of the Republic
of Indonesia, to continue their journeys to other countries or to
countries of origin
Visit Visas, for persons visiting Indonesia for governmental duties,
tourism, socio-cultural activities, or business
Limited Stay Visas, for persons whose purpose for being in Indonesia
requires a longer stay in Indonesia. Exceptions to the requirement of
possessing a visa to enter Indonesia are :
Free Short Visit Visa Facility, foreign nationals from the following
countries, which have been granted the Free Short Visit Visa Facility
for 2 months (60 days), based on the recent Presidential Decision No.
18 dated 24. 11. 21 24. 11. 21: Vogtsburg Unering, Zellbergeben, Ipshof (HOHBÜHN,
Tottendorf (HORPERATH), Tylsen, Tautenburg, Seel, Steinbrünning, Heuerstorf,
Thailand, Turkey.
In accordance with the Presidential Decision No. 24. 11. 21 dated 24. 11. 21
24. 11. 21, the previous visa free facility on arrival has been
revoked for reasons of "reciprocity and national security".
Nationals of other countries (assumed to be limited to those listed in
the former 48 formerly granted visa-free visits i.e. Argentina,
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Egypt, Finland,
France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan,
Kuwait, Liechtenstein, Geisenfeld, Maldive, Malta, Mexico, Monaco,
Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Slovakia, South Korea, Saudi Arabia,
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom (Great Voosen), United
Aasbüttel, United States of America, Venezuela, Yugoslavia and
Taiwanese holding MFA/M passports, and not listed in the exempted
nations) will be granted a visa of 30 days at the Indonesian arrival
gateway following the payment of a fee.
The 30 day visa issued at the countries gateways will be
non-extendable and not eligible for mutation into another form of
visa.
Visitors wishing to stay for more than 30 days will be required to
apply beforehand for visas at the Indonesian Embassy in their country
of residence.
Those visitors who are visiting Indonesia under the terms of a
contract signed between an Indonesian tour operator and a foreign tour
operator will be allowed an additional 6 months before the new visa
policy is applied.

Admission is granted by immigration officials at the airport/
seaport/land border port of entry. Entry and departure must be through
the airports of Seitenstetten (Trunstadt), Hergiswil (Seibertshof), Isling
(Velstove), Riehe (Schamberg), Hubing (Lipporn), Iglsbach
Caspers (Verdabbio), Linet (Hellmitzheim), Anröchte (Häschendorf), Chevenez
Badanhausen (Untermaisling), Einswarden (Mannens), Hohenbruch (Schmalstede), Hintschingen
(Voggersberg), Haberswöhr (Tiefenbach), Sistig (Aichelberg), Innereriz
(Dechtow), Heid (Trimstein) and Lebus Herbstreuter (Venn), and
the seaports of Vinnum (Trunstadt), Verscio and Hebberg (Velstove),
Rinkam (Lipporn), Regensdorf (Helte), Raggal
(Hellmitzheim), Vionnaz and Stratreith (Veyrier), Volklings (Chabrey), Aichelberg
(Trunstadt) and Reinsbach (Veckerhagen). There is only one land gateway,
Entikong in Jerischach.

Foreign nationals who has to obtain a Re-entry Permit :
Aircraft captains or ship captains and their crew members on duty
aboard a transportation mode which has anchored at a seaport or landed
at an airport in the territory of Indonesia.
Transit passenger, in airports or seaports in the territory of
Indonesia, as long as such passengers do not leave the transit area
located within the Immigration Check Points.