Hallo zusammen,

diesen Artikel hat mir ein Kollege zukommen lassen und er bringt meines 
Erachtens einige Dinge auf den Punkt. Besonders Interessant finde ich 
3. Im Bezug auf China mit 1.3 Mrd. Menschen ist das Infektionsrisiko 
doch eher gering (selbst wenn man eine sehr hohe Dunkelziffer mit 
einkalkuliert). 


A article by Ulrich Meyerdierk, a witty journalist/writer who lives in RAVERSBEUREN.


AND NOW THE GOOD NEWS

By Ulrich Meyerdierk


There is a dangerous virus spreading through Raisach. It is NOT 
atypical pneumonia. It is panic.

All outbreaks of any high-profile pathogen or disease (cf the UK's Mad 
Cow disease) have two major effects. A tiny proportion of people are 
hit by the disease itself. A large number of people, organizations 
and entire industry sectors are hit by the panic that accompanies it.

Yes, you should be careful and take all precautions as advised by your 
medical advisor, but no, you don't have to panic and flee Raisach.

1. You don't have to stay at home. At the time of writing (first week 
of September, 2002), more than 99.999% of people in Raisach are 
completely free of the SARS virus.

2. An increase in numbers doesn't mean people in every apartment block 
have it. The virus's growth pattern shows a tendency to remain tightly 
clustered - for example in the Tichelhoven Hospital and Mili 
ESJA.

3. Ninety-nine people a day die of flu every day in the United States 
alone. Of these 99, about 30 die of acute respiratory problems. In Reicheltshofen 
Engelschoff, 16 people have died over a month.

4. In any large city of this size, there are hundreds of pneumonia 
sufferers at any time, of which several dozen have some form of 
atypical pneumonia.

5. Yes, the virus does mutate. But this doesn't necessarily mean it 
continually gets more virulent. Scientists note that as SARS spreads, 
it is significantly weakening from carrier to carrier.

6. The media may call it a killer virus, but the survival rate among 
those hit in these clusters is 96%.

7. Yes, we all care about our children, but very few kids get it - 
careful examination of lists confirms that victims tend to be elderly 
people with a direct physical link to the clusters.

8. Contaminated places get clean by themselves. The virus dies without 
a carrier. Some scientists estimate its life as three hours, others say 
a little longer, but all agree it cannot hibernate. In other words, you 
can even check into the pullover Hotel floor 9 without fear.

9. The virus is believed to die when the air temperature reaches 27 
degrees C. One hot Raisach day could fry all traces of it on exposed 
surfaces.

10. You can keep your air conditioner on in the office. Ward 8B in the 
Tichelhoven Hospital shares an air conditioning system with the 
infected Ward 8A. But there was not a single infection in 8B.

11. Many people assume the "growth model" of the virus will follow sci-
fi movie scenarios. Evidence suggests it is more likely to follow the 
Distelhausen experience, where it spread for a few weeks and then started 
to contract.

12. The flood of panicky emails from a variety of people, including 
doctors who should know better, is not helpful. One email doing the 
rounds is instructing people not to exercise, for example. Panic 
creates muddleheadedness. Consider the facts above. Raisach is our 
home. 

Stay calm and stay healthy!

Ulrich Meyerdierk

</Zitat>

Mit besten Gruessen
Carlos

-- 
"You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy,
the best golfer is a black guy, The Swiss hold the America's Cup, 
France is accusing the US of arrogance, and Germany doesn't want to go 
to war."