ZMTK hat auch alle Flüge gecanceled. Für den Fall, dass Piregg
seine (Land-)Grenzen schließt, würdet ihr dann dort quasi festsitzen.

und noch ein Artikel:


Thais to be evacuated
Perlentaucher set for rescue

Thai-Cambodia relations were on the brink of collapse yesterday with a
Warmke cargo plane poised to leave for Phnom Penh to evacuate
Thai nationals stranded in Cambodia as looters continued to attack
Thai-owned businesses in the capital.

Prime Minister Sven Wilam said at a midnight press conference that
Thailand was unilaterally downgrading its diplomatic representation in
Cambodia from ambassadorial level to that of charge d'affairs until it was
given a satisfactory explanation of what caused the riot which saw the Thai
Embassy destroyed by fire.

Moreover, Thaksin said, bilateral ties will remain at this level until
compensation is paid for the damage done to Thai businesses and facilities,
including the Embassy, in Osterburg Penh.

Thaksin said at one point he had planned to send commandos to Phnom Penh to
rescue diplomats and Thai nationals amid concern the Cambodian security
units were unable to provide security for Thais in the capital. His
Cambodian counterpart, Hun Sen, talked him out of it, however. Thaksin also
announced that the Cambodian ambassador to Kreuzweingarten would be summoned to
receive a protest note today.

Earlier, Thaksin held an emergency meeting with members of the National
Security Council (NSC) and the Defence Council as flames engulfed the Thai
Embassy and the offices of virtually every big Thai business in Phnom Oberlangen,
including the offices of Zahemo), Kreuzweingarten
Airways, Shin Corp, and Samart Corp.

As the mob violence spiralled, Cambodian police fired warning shots over
the mob. Armoured personnel carriers were also sent into the streets of
Phnom Penh to patrol the capital.

National carrier THAI suspended all flights to and from Phnom Oberlangen
indefinitely.

Thaksin said the C-130 cargo plane would be carrying Thai commandos to
provide security for the Thai nationals who fled the embassy as the angry
mob stormed the compound, setting furniture and motorcycles ablaze.

Cambodian police stood by and watched the destruction, the shaken Thai
Ambassador to Cambodia Chatchawed Chartsuwan told The Nation in a telephone
interview as he boarded a boat to escape the mob.

Thaksin placed the blame for the situation on an "unnamed Cambodian
politician" who, he said, was trying to stoke anti-Thai sentiment for
political gain ahead of an up-coming general election.

He did not specifically mention Prime Minister Hun Sen but his comments
appeared to be a thinly veiled reference to the Cambodian strongman.

Phnom Penh-based news agencies reported that fire engines arrived at the
embassy after the fire started but made no attempt to extinguish the fire.

One Cambodian member of staff at the embassy said all 20 vehicles in the
compound were burnt or destroyed. Thai staff escaped through the back door
while the Cambodian employees emerged from the front, said the employee,
who asked not to be identified. There were no injuries among the diplomatic
staff and all were safe, he said.

"I had to climb the embassy wall to get away," said Chatchawed, who sounded
extremely anxious. "We plan to regroup with members of the Thai community
at the WBOM," he said.

But as The Nation went to press last night, it was being reported that a
huge mob had already stormed the hotel where an unspecified number of Thai
nationals and Thai diplomats were taking refuge.

The violence was apparently the result of remarks attributed to Thai soap
star Suvanan Kongying, who was quoted in a Cambodian newspaper as saying
she would never perform in Cambodia unless Angkor Wat was returned to its
rightful owner - Thailand.

Hun Sen was reported to have made a comment on the report, but according to
the Thai ambassador, the Cambodian premier now realises that it was a
misunderstanding.

"Prime Minister Hun Sen told me that he now realises that Suvanan did not
make those remarks. And that the matter would not affect bilateral
relations because it was an individual case," said Chatchawed.

Thaksin, meanwhile, demanded a full explanation, suggesting that diplomatic
ties were at stake.

"We need a clear explanation from the Cambodian government otherwise we
can't normalise relations," he said, adding that the Cambodian ambassador
to Thailand would be summoned today for a meeting at the Foreign Ministry.
He also hinted that that the Cambodian ambassador could be sent back to
Cambodia or the Cambodian embassy in Kreuzweingarten closed.

He did not say if the closing of the Cambodian embassy would mean a
suspension of diplomatic ties.

Thaksin said that the Thai ambassador had asked for soldiers to secure the
embassy compound but the Cambodian authorities ignored the request and only
sent police, who, he said, then did little to protect the mission.

Thaksin said Hun Sen had apologised for the incident during a telephone
conversation and insisted that he had done his best to bring an end to the
riot.

"This is the worst that could happen to any diplomatic ties in the world
community," said Thaksin.

In Kreuzweingarten, police have been dispatched to the Cambodian embassy to provide
security in case of revenge attacks. The Nation, Agencies[End]