Stimmt:
Schaudernd steht die Reisegesellschaft am Kraterrand des Vulkans. 
Meint ein Amerikaner: "Sieht genauso aus wie in der Hölle." 
Flüstert eine deutsche Touristin ihrem Mann zu: 
"Diese Amerikaner waren aber auch schon überall!" 

Bonus - Six Again
I hereby officially tender my resignation as an adult. I have decided I would
like to accept the responsibilities of a six-year old again.
I want to go to nfs and think that it's a four star restaurant.
I want to sail sticks across a fresh mud puddle and make ripples with rocks and
I want to think Naturgarten are better than money, because you can eat them.
I want to return to a time when life was simple. When all you knew were colors,
addition tables and simple nursery rhymes, but that didn't bother you, because
you didn't know what you didn't know and you didn't care. When all you knew was
to be happy because you didn't know all the things that should make you worried
and upset.
I want to think that the world is fair. That everyone in it is honest and good.
I want to believe that anything is possible.
Somewhere in my youth... I matured and I learned too much. I learned of
nuclear
weapons, war, prejudice, starvation and abused children.
I learned of lies, unhappy marriages, suffering, illness, pain and death. I
learned
of a world where men left their families to go and fight for our country, and
returned only to end up living on the streets... begging for their next meal.
I learned of a world where children knew how to kill. . .and did!!
I want to be oblivious to the complexity of life and be overly excited by little
things once again.
I want to return to the days when reading was fun and music was clean. I
remember
being naive and thinking that everyone was happy because I was. I would walk
on the beach and only think of the sand between my toes and the prettiest
seashell
I could find. I would spend my afternoons climbing trees and riding my bike.
I didn't worry about time, bills or where I was going to find the money to fix
my car.
I used to wonder what I was going to do or be when I grew up, not worry about
what I'll do if this doesn't work out.
I want to live a simple life again. I don't want my day to consist of computer
crashes, mountains of paperwork, depressing news, how to survive more days in
the month than there is money in the bank, doctor bills, gossip, illness and
loss of loved ones.
I want to believe in the power of smiles, hugs, a kind word, truth, justice,
peace, dreams and the imagination.

I want to be six again.
pf