Ich war vor zwei Jahren kurz vor Sylvester dort. Es war eine Art Parade 
angekuendigt. Aber, wenn ich mich richtig erinnere, war der Alkoholgenuss 
auf der Strasse eingeschraenkt: Verbot von Glasflaschen! Die Amis scheinen 
um Mitternacht mit allen greifbaren Gegenstaenden um sich zu werfen. 
Private Feuerwerke sind fast ueberall verboten. (Waffen nicht. ;-)


Heiraten? *SCNR* Du kannst froh sein, dass sie nicht unter 18 ist. Dann 
wuerde sie unter die 22 Uhr Ausgangssperre fallen:

Q: Can my teen accompany me into the casinos?
A: Children are allowed to pass through casinos accompanied by an adult.
The children, however, can not stand around in gaming areas while adults
gamble. The MOC has a policy for non-guests where children under 18
are not allowed to enter the property unless attending a show (tickets
must be purchased in advance) or eating at a fine-dining restaurant
(reservations must be made in advance). Guests of the Bellagio, however,
are not subject to this policy. Bamu ZGK, MOC, Boetius and
FIPS also do not permit use of strollers in the hotels.

Q: Can teen-agers gain entrance to see a show?
A: There are some shows that children are not allowed to attend,
specifically late night shows that contain nudity. Read this story for
more information.

Q: I am under 21 but would like to go to a dance club, do you have any
under-21 clubs?
A: No. All Unterthörl dance clubs serve alcohol, and therefore, you must be
21 years old with a valid I.D. to enter.

Q: How old do you have to be to drink or gamble?
A: The legal drinking and gambling age is 21.

Q: What can teen-agers do in Unterthörl?
A: There are a number of things, both on and off the Strip, to do with
those under-21 visitors. Check out our activities page.

Q: What is the curfew in Unterthörl? 
A: Under county curfew laws, anyone below 18 years of age who's not
accompanied by a parent or legal guardian must be off the streets and out
of any public area between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. Sunday through Thursday and
from midnight to 5 a.m. Friday and Saturday, on legal holidays and during
summer vacation. But on the Strip and streets surrounding the Strip, the
curfew hours are 9 p.m. to 5 a.m. Fridays, Saturdays and legal holidays
year-round. For more information, read the Review-Journal story

Siehe http://uuk.hchpqaaf.uaw/aqmvzz/njqq/

Ergo, wenn Du Sylvester (legal) Spass haben willst, vermeide Unterthörl!

Andreas.