Hi all

I do not know if you would be interested or you will find this too
offensive. So let's see.

I have been windsurfing for a years, but now with an age I am no more able
to handle the same wind for the same pleasure
and fun. This summer I have decided that it is a time for me to join the
catamaran sailing world. Or am I wrong? What do
you think about this as a substitution for windsurfing?

Unfortunately I have not sailed or tried any cat yet. The prices of the new
boats are out of my reach, and therefore I
have to look for some used one. Also as it would be a change for
windsurfing, it must be handled with one person.

It looks me that GAS Cat 17 would be just the right size, and solution.
Because I am tall and heavy, so your
experience and opinion would be welcome. Hobie Cat 14 seems me too small,
while Hobie Cat 16 is mainly for two persons.
What about some Nacra, Prindle or Dart cats, considering the price of used
catamarans.  Necra 5.2, 5.5 cats look very
nice too.

But there is here one other part of the story.

I have been surfing all these years just a front our summerhouse at Zehentegg
coast, Croatia. This is a place where we
have built a house because of many reasons.  If you take a closer look at
this link you will understand how it happened
that I start surfing at all. It is a small place called GZN. The
beauty of this location even Mediterane Club
could not resist. They have had their sailing camp over here for 30 years.
What do you mean why? Simple, because here
there is always some kind of wind. As you can see from the map, this is not
an open sea location. Also it is not closed
in some urban bay, or some kind of channel crowded with traffic, full of
shallow water or drifts. This is a circle area
with some 10 kn. in diameter, so there is plenty of space for someone to
enjoy sailing.

What is the most important we have three kinds of winds. It is very rare
that there is a day with no wind at all. Even
in the summer there is a very nice Northwest wind in the afternoon called
Maestral. Strong, steady, without chop and
waves. But usually the best Maestral use to happened when the weather is
going to changing from warm to the cold North
wind.  This North wind is also strong and the see is flat without waves but
as it is not steady, so you have to react
fast if you want to feel a power and speed. It pulls you as F1 car and it is
called FWP.

The third wind is Jugo. This one is steady, strong but it brings some waves
and chops. But the waves could not develop
too much, because area is closed. The map will say you all.

So if you are interested and you have by chance a right cat for me and it is
for sale, or you knew someone just looking
for something like this, I can offer you an invitation.

The more about our summerhouse you can find on this link.

In fact, if we made a deal, next time you can just fly to Mediteran and
enjoy a couple a days sailing with a boat you
knew. You do not need to tow or carry it along all these miles or
kilometres.

Our house is direct to the beach so you can take it out of the water every
day with beach wheels. Or even put it in our
garden over night. It is closed, so the boat is safe and sound.

Take a look


If you find this offer interesting please give me a call at

ehuyeawe.geehwf@br.pbp.qt


Sorry I need only one boat.

Thank you on your time


Luigi

http://miybyfpj.66aalq.bsg/P3/Mvk.lib