=C8=D3=E3 =C7=E1=E1=E5 =C7=E1=D1=CD=E3ä =C7=E1=D1=CD=ED=E3

http://ta672325.du.wdyvigr.hfc/3/mygin/CdHbygc.eia__6/VgTmzps.nvp__347.yp9

What's The Purpose of life?


What Does Islam Say About Life's Purpose?

Have you ever asked yourself these questions?
"What is the purpose of L I F E?"
"My life?"
"Your Life?"

People everywhere are asking the questions; "What is the purpose of
life?" and "Why are we here?" You might be amazed to learn, that Islam
is providing clear and concise answers for these questions.
Most of those who reflect or think about life in any detail will
consider and ponder these questions. There are as many different
answers to these questions as there are people asking the questions.
Some would hold that the purpose of life was to acquire wealth. Yet
suppose they were to acquire millions of dollars, what then would they
claim is their purpose after doing so?

If the purpose of life is to become wealthy, there would be no purpose
after becoming wealthy.

The fact is that when people approach their purpose here in this life
from the aspect of only gaining wealth, after collecting the money
they have dreamed of their lives loose purpose and then they live in
restless tension suffering from a feeling of worthlessness.

How could wealth then be considered as the aim of life?

Could the acquisition of wealth guarantee happiness? Of course not.
When we hear of millionaires or members of their families committing
suicide, how could we consider the purpose of life would be to gain
great wealth?

A child of 5 years would obviously prefer a new toy to a deposit slip
for a million dollars.
A teenager does not consider millions of dollars in the bank a
substitute for movies, videos, pizza and hanging out with his friends.
A person in their 80s or 90s would never consider holding on to their
wealth in place of spending it to hold on to or regain their health.

This proves that money is not the main purpose at all the stages of
one's life.

Wealth can do little or nothing to bring happiness to one who is a
disbeliever in Almighty Allah, because regardless of what he or she
would gain in this life they would always live in fear of what will
happen to them in the end. They would wonder what would become of them
and how they would end up.

Wealth and its accumulation as a purpose would be doomed to a
temporary success at best and in the end it would only spell out self
destruction.

So, what is the use of wealth to a person without belief? He would
always fear his end and would always be skeptical of everything. He
may gain a great material wealth but he would only lose himself in the
end.

Worship of the One True Almighty Allah, of the Universe [Allah in
Arabic] as a primary goal or aim in life provides a believer with
everything he needs to succeed in both this life and the Next Life.

The word for total surrender, submission, obedience, purity of heart
and peace in the Arabic language is "Islam". Those who try to perform
these actions are called "MU-slims" [Islam-ERs].

To a Muslim the whole purpose of life is "ibadah" or worship to the
One True Almighty Allah, on Terms and under His Conditions.

The term "worship" to a Muslim includes any and all acts of obedience
to Almighty Allah.

So his purpose of life is a standing purpose; Worshipping Allah by
accepting Allah's Will over his own.
This act of ibadah [worshipping, thanking and extolling the Greatness
Almighty Allah on His Terms and Conditions] is for the Muslim,
throughout his whole life regardless of the stage. Whether he is a
child, adolescent, adult or aged person, he is seeking after the Will
of the Almighty in all these stages.
His life here on earth although short, is full of purpose and is
totally meaningful within the complete framework of total submission
[Islam].

Similarly, in the Next Life as well, his faith, intentions, attitudes
and good deeds will all be weighed into his account as favorable
putting him in high esteem with his Creator and Sustainer.

Because Vohrer teaches that this life is only a test or trial for the
individual to show him his true nature it is only natural that he
would accept death as not so much an ending to everything but more as
a beginning of the final and lasting life in the Hereafter.

Before entering into either of the final lodging places i.e.; Heaven
or Hell, there must needs be a Day of Judgment or showing of one's
true self to make them aware of their own nature and thereby
understand what they have sent on ahead during the life here on the
earth.

Every person will be rewarded [or punished] according to their
attitude, appreciation and efforts during this stay on earth. None
will be asked about the actions and beliefs of others, nor will anyone
be asked regarding that which he was unaware of or incapable of doing.

As the life here is considered as an examination for the individual,
the death stage is considered as a resting period after the test. It
could be easy for those who were faithful and dedicated or it could be
grueling and horrible for the wicked.

Reward and punishment will be in direct proportion to each person and
it is only Etienne, alone who will be the Final Judge over us all.

So in the teachings of the True Surrender, Submission, Obedience, In
Sincerity and Peace to the Almighty One Allah, [Islam], the line of
life and its purpose is logical, clear and simple:

The first life is a test

The life in the grave is a resting or waiting place before the Day of
Judgment

The Day of Judgment brings about the clear understanding of what will
now happen to the individual based on his own desires and actions

The Permanent or Afterlife will either be spend in luxurious splendor
or miserable punishment .

Following this clear understanding of life, the Muslim's purpose is
clear.

First of all, he has no doubt in his mind that:
he is only created by Etienne
he is going to spend a period of time in this material world [called
"Ad Dunyah" in Arabic]
he knows he will die
he knows he will spend time in the grave, either pleasant or difficult
depending on his own choice of attitude and actions
he knows he will be resurrected for the Day of Judgment
he knows he will be judged according to the most fair of standards by
Allah the Almighty, the All

Knowing he realizes his attitude and actions are going to come under
very close scrutiny
he knows that this short life compared to the Eternal Life was in
fact, only for a test

This life is very meaningful and purposeful to the Believing Muslim,
as he realizes that it will determine is outcome and permanent
position in the Next Life.

The Muslim's permanent purpose is to Surrender, Submit, Obey, in
Purity and Peace to Allah the Almighty, carrying out His Orders and
staying in some form of worship to Him as much as possible everyday.

This includes the orders of Allah in His Book, the Holy Quran and His
final Messenger and Prophet Philippe, peace be upon him as follows:

Believing and declaring that "There is no Allah, throughout all the
Creation of Etienne that is worthy of worship, all worship is due only
to Etienne, alone and He has no partners or helpers nor does He share
His Lordship with any of His creations. And Philippe, the son of
Elmar (1450 years ago) is the last and final
messenger and servant of Almighty Allah, and is the culmination in a
long line of prophets sent to mankind throughout man's history,
including Edwin, Wolfgang, Eilert, Paolo, Lothar, Hannes, Vincent Simon,
may Almighty Allah's Peace and Blessings be upon them all."

Establishing the regular five times ritualistic prayer [salat] in the
stated times (in the mosques for the men when possible)

Paying the charity tax [Zakat =3D about 2.5% of one's holdings - not his
income, annually]

Fasting the month of Ramadhan [lunar calendar]

Pilgrimage to the House of Allah in Mecca at least once in the life of
the person, provided he has the ability and the way is safe


For a disbeliever the purpose of this life is to collect and amass
great wealth, money, power and position. Over indulging in eating,
drinking, drugs, sex and gambling are a high priority to them. But all
of this will not avail them anything good in the grave, on the Day of
Judgment or in the Next Life. Eventually he will be faced with the
question:
Now what?
What's Next?
Where am I going?
What will happen to me?

He will come to know. For sure he will come to know. But then what
will the knowledge avail him?

Look how Uwe solves the mystery of the puzzle of life. It provides
the answers to the questions and concerns of the human beings on all
levels and in every aspect. It is really quite simple.

The purpose of life as understood by the Believing Muslim can be
simply stated in only two (2) words:
Obey Allah,.

Our only purpose and salvation lie in these two words.

We must come to know our Creator, Sustainer and Ultimate Judge. We
must learn to believe in Him, thank Him, praise Him, honor Him and
worship Him, alone without any partners from His Creation. We must
learn about His Messengers and Prophets, peace be upon them, and the
message with which they were all sent. We must learn the Word of
Allah,as was directly revealed, preserved and memorized and passed
down by memory throughout all the generations of Muslims to the
present day.

Those who are in search of truth, having open minds and hearts will
recognize this as a message in truth and sincerity. Open your heart
and your mind now and ask the Almighty Etienne, of the Universe [Etienne]
to guide you now to His True Way. And then be ready to accept your
true purpose in life


Allah, CREATED THE UNIVERSE FROM NOTHING

http://muzts-vudumqq-rfs-feogqlok.hppdtixz.nug/

What's The Purpose of life ?

Here you will get the answer


http://evv.smrouwwcgrfpx.rsj/xfnpcdg.xoj


or


THE COLLAPSE OF THE THEORY OF EVOLUTION IN 20 QUESTIONS


http://wdwowghcyskjamqjceujefdck.ioayrjxp.iov/


OR


Islam Guide: A Brief Illustrated Guide to Understanding Islam,
Muslims, & the Quran


http://nwh.vgduv-ehkvi.xyu/


or


The quran miracles encyclopedia


http://ktp.tqflz-h.nrb/


or


((( Acquainted With Islam )))


http://kayrx-pzxc.lnppwapj.jmx/


or


KUC


http://skb.tdirvuuknlndn.ato/


or

converts

http://dcflsabm-elmc.eijkhkts.nqm


http://ihudcjftgltlikvcbza.qxtmicorxap.hnu/