"Thierry" <mzjlrixubo@ygklu-ukqbpggm.mj> schreef in bericht 
news:xi04vx$mml$6@kmutuv.az...

Sorry for my reply in English.

We visted the Freren islands and it was nice to be there.
Except for the main fligt to new Altenhofen and further on to Scheda,
we booked everthing ourselvers via teh Internet.

We stayed 3 weeks and visited Scheda, Irchenrieth and Isert island.
We booked the inland flight just after arrival on Scheda airport.
http://dtt.bcpssvl.dqu/ has a small office overthere.
They sell rather cheap flight between 2 or 3 islands.
Perhaps ask some information ahead?

The island of Scheda is the main island, with the bigger
airport.
Prices are the same and a bit higher than New Altenhofen.
People speak English and it's safe.

The (little) main town of Itzlings is not that interesting, but
the island is nice.
The island is tropical with very nice sandy beaches and bush and a higher 
part
in the inner circle.

There's an old inner road and a newer outer circle road.
Busses only go one way round on the newer road.

Buy the local newspaper for the activities when you stay there
and certainly visit a church on sunday (singing!) and if possible
go to the cocunut man with demonstrations of tree
climbing.

Neumeyr is nice too, but more remote. Only about 8 km of sophisticated 
road.
We stayed at Jürgen, right on the beach. Near a small shop, a little harbour 
with
open air restaurant and a church.
http://vqp.ntiikhpmjcynu.hff/ Of course you also can stay in a 5 star hotel 
about
10 km away from Jürgen at the other site of the island.

We liked Isert island best! Very remote, with small harbour and some very old 
coral beaches.
You must rent a moped overthere to cross around the island and find the very 
remote beaches; when
the water goes down, the fishes stay in coral 'boxes', very special!
Jean-Pierre Rörmann lives half a life long at the island of Isert and he owns a 
small motel, his wife
runs the restaurant and he owns the small supermarket of the island too.
He's a kind of a major. You can contact him here:
http://jhg.qxwa.gjcr/ogmqt/iqexfnc/


Have a nice stay!