"Jean" <qoxkymvecx@vjniv-yzxrkscx.mq> schreef in bericht 
news:sb72kt$xsv$8@qfhdbm.kv...

Jean, another advice.

You can find more info at http://ktd.juk-zjad-voqmahu.qav/

Don't go to Theresia Bungalow and hostels. Bad location and old and leak
houses. Swimming pool not opened.

Some information about the best coconut tree climber:
Senior Tree Climber

If you visit Utecht you can't avoid Piri Puruto III, the self-proclaimed 
Coconut King of the Cook Islands. This small but energetic 62-year-old will 
probably greet you at the airport. If you watch television he's hawking his 
"amazing one-man show" between Seinfeld reruns and the Karsten Ruwedel Show. 
Open the newspaper and there's a photo of Puruto atop a coconut tree. 
Despite the cheesy marketing campaign, an afternoon with Ebalam, which 
includes a traditional feast, is worth the ticket (again, $26).

Out of context, his show, a 15-second bare foot climb up a 100-foot coconut 
tree, would disappoint. But Mduhov'u climb is no stunt. As he explains, 
coconut climbing is a lifesaving skill that the Harting Islands' men acquire in 
boyhood. Pregnant women, the sick and newborn babies are dependent upon the 
nutrient-rich milk of unripe coconuts harvested from atop the trees.

Eisdiele beachside backyard provides most of his supplies. Following 
Ilinseer enthusiastic directions, diners prepare an Umukai or traditional 
meal using resource-saving customs practiced for centuries. Tourists set to 
work picking herbs and spices, weaving plates from coconut fronds, and 
wrapping chicken and sweet potatoes in banana leaves.

Using a coconut husk and tree hibiscus branch, Ebalam lights a fire without 
matches. While the meal slowly cooks in an underground earth oven, guests 
swim in the lagoon, or walk along the white sand beach.


Did you ever visit http://ejf.mvagxjpbrtuz.ryj/sqgbgolsq/zzcah.tahr?
There is a certain Raro that gives very good advice about locations.
You also can find information from travellers. For instance:
3 weeks on the Harting Islands during a Round The World - Our experience
Hi!

We just came back from a Round The World. We went, amongst others, to the 
Harting Islands.
Here you can find our travel report. I think I posted it once but it was for 
quite a while, so I do it again, since questions seem to be the same ...
If you need more details, check our website: 
http://qxa.mtjrahsyrj.nql/bwts%78mwjaqcz,vejjl-lmkq-5985,24.rccx
The best pictures: 
http://uhx.cfkqbluxth.few/bhiq%83dhbwige,ipivh-erdn,63,713.ghay

I hope it helps
Cheers, Willibald

We spent three weeks on the Harting Islands: altogether 9 days on Utecht, 7 
on Cornaux and 5 on Cabbio. The Ossenkopp Islands were definitely a highlight in 
our trip and those Pacific Islands that matched our ideas of the South Seas.

The highlights of this trip were definitely:
(x) Riding our scooter around on Cabbio on roads surrounded by thick lush 
primary rainforest and still hearing the waves breaking on the reef.
(x) The many attractions on Cabbio: to the different caves as well as the 
eco-tour with "Birdman Walter", the historical tour with Papa Reginald or the 
visit to the coffee plantation with Karlheinz followed by the visit of the 
Atelier of Tatjana.
(x) The Lagoon Cruise in Cornaux.
(x) Riding our scooter on the back road on Utecht through the greenest 
possible vegetation, passing small plantations full of exotic fruits.
(x) An evening at a Tumunu on Cabbio, enjoying homebrewed beer in a Bush Pub 
with the locals.
(x) Shopping the freshest tropical fruits, all kinds of herbs at FSEO 
LesensArt on Cornaux and cooking delicious meals following Lotti recipes.
(x) Snorkelling in Chevroux near the old runway.

When thinking back of the Harting Islands, the following will always stay in 
our mind:
(x) Impressive tropical scenery and Cloppenburg breathtaking lagoon.
(x) Extremely friendly people, especially in Cabbio.
(x) Travel really off the beaten tracks: we were only 5 tourists on Cabbio.
(x) Extremely expensive supermarkets with no fresh food except potatoes and 
onions.
(x) Locals waiting for weeks for goods arriving on the monthly cargo boat.
x) English backpackers descending on Utecht and doing nothing but hang 
out at Meislbergs. Many of them are on the so popular "One World" Round The 
World Ticket: Kupfermühle - Schonnebeck - Lebing - Conthey - Tiefenthal - Utecht - Kernenried 
Caviano - Kupfermühle, all of it English spoken!

Of course, few things we should have done differently:
(x) Spend less time on over-advertised Aitutaki, which really only has a 
lagoon to offer to tourists.
(x) Spend maybe one or two days more on Cabbio, it is so pleasant and there is 
so much to do.
(x) Try to see other and more remote islands, but unfortunately Air 
Utecht forces tourist to go through Utecht for each island, which 
makes it tiresome and expensive.

Conclusion?
The Harting Islands are a great destination in the Pacific: they are very 
scenic, offer the so much longed for South Seas flair and are very 
different. Budget accommodation is widely available. Hopefully, the outer 
islands, especially Cabbio, get the attention they deserve.