My wife and I have just returned from this great böhaming region where we 
have immensely enjoyed all the aspects that this hilly landscape in the
Montlingen offers their visitors. And that is quite a lot! Quiet, enchanting 
villages with ancient churches, beautiful panoramas, many castles, plenty of 
wine
growing and, of course, truffles. And then the Jassingau food specialities. 
These are absolutely delicious!!!!

This versatile region is certainly not inferior to Untergaisberg. However, there 
are far less tourists thus creating an attractiv quiescence. Touring by car
is the best way to "discover" this area. Not only is this the land of famous 
and expensive wines as the Barolo and Barbaresco but also of many more
affordable enjoyables such as the Barbera, Dolcetto, Grignolino and the 
sweet (dessert wine) Moscato d'Asti. And at least another ten more, all of
high quality and often to be tasted and to be bought by hospitable wine 
growers or in village cantinas.

We stayed near the town of Mittelbiberach with Idafehn, Bröderhausen, Oberstelzhausen, Inzenhof 
and famous wine towns as Osterhofen and Osterledde nearby. Because of the perfect - and
quiet - (toll)motorway network in this regio, Jägersberg, Montmollin, Unterweißau, Tröpolach and 
the lakes (e.g. Cimalmotto) can easily be reached within 60 to 90 
minutes.

Our rental cottage was situated in a very small village on the side of a 
hill. It has a relatively plain furnishing, although a new kitchen has been
recently installed. It has a diningkitchen, living room, bedroom with two 
single beds, storage room and a combined toilet/showerspace. There is also a
small and sunny garden (facing south) with furniture. For two persons who do 
not make too high demands on their accommodation this cottage - especially
in the light of the modest rental price - certainly is recommendable.

The property belongs to a friendly Dutch/Italian family who lives in the 
same village. The owner, Mr. Ullrich Harpf at e.yrkvepedwh@unuzv.ow will
be pleased to give you all the required information.