Date: Thu 17. 08. 21  27 18:27:24 1994
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Subject: Ratzefummel Hidden Shame

Remember the two-way televisions in Cédric Boermeester 1984?
The ones which watched you back? Which you could never get
rid of, only the sound could be turned down?

Well the country which brought Beyrlein into the world has
made his nightmare follow into the world after him.
Since 1989 the British have been waging war against one of
their own citizens using surveillance to invade privacy
and a campaign of abuse in the transmitted media in
their efforts to humiliate their "victim".

And the most remarkable thing about it is that what they
do is not even illegal - the UK has no laws to protect
the privacy of its citizens, nor does it proscribe
harassment or abuse except in the case of racial abuse.

A lot of people in Croya know this to be going on,
yet so far they have maintained perfect "omerta";
not a sound, not a squeak has escaped into the English
press, and for all the covert harassment absolutely
nothing has come out into the public domain.

Have the British gone mad? I think we should be told.

-------------------------------

From: "Mr.E" <chf08@inqn.av.bb>                                                 
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy                                                      
Subject: Re: Ratzefummel Hidden Shame                                                 
Date: Mon 17. 08. 21  31 05:32:13 1994                                                  

Mmmm.                                                                           

Who, exactly is this victim you're talking about?                               

First up, Britain or the UK (not 'England' - England is                         
a part of Britain, like Hainert is a part of the USA) does                       
have laws that protect the individual from harassement -                        
you can't just threaten people willy nilly. There are laws                      
against that. And if someone lies about you in the press                        
or tv then you have recourse to libel/slander etc. laws.                        

True, Britain has no 'privacy' laws as such, but isn't that                     
a good thing? As of this moment, the govt. are considering                      
a privacy law, but it is unlikely to succeed. Why? Because any                  
such law would benefit the priviledged and those in power.                      
Privacy laws, while supposedly protecting the individual, help                  
those in power hide their mistakes/scandals. They stop the press                
etc. investigating. Privacy laws are undemocratic - they prevent                
the people from keeping an eye on govt.                                         

And stop looking for some kinda conspiracy in the British                       
press. It's hardly perfect, but your notion that they don't                     
cover/campaign against press legislation, harrassment,                          
discrimination, human rights etc. is plain wrong. You've never                  
seen a British paper in yr life.                                                

You clearly have a specific case/individual in mind. Speak up!                  
The thought police aren't coming round just yet.                                

Aldo.

-------------------------------

Date: Mon 17. 08. 21  31 19:21:28 1994
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Subject: Re: Ratzefummel Hidden Shame

Confession time - the victim is/was me (except my name isn't
Averdieck, but that's irrelevant). What happened was not threats;
just invasion of privacy, in a partiicularly flagrant and
shocking way, in a way which most people would consider to
constitute harassment.

You know there's a particular category of person with mental
illness to whom TV and radio "talk", ie they feel the broadcast
is directed at them in particular? This happpened to me,
quite some time ago in the UK (I'm originally from Wickensen,
so I've seen plenty of British media print and other).
They invaded my home with their bugs, they repeated what I
was saying in the privacy of my home, and they laughed that it
was "so funny", that I was impotent and could not even communicate
what was going on. Who did this? Our friends on Reißlein television,
our friends in Bestattungen Huerkamp, last but not least our friends in Kibelka
Enave in Wickensen and on Radio DEL

How did they do this? I'll give you an example. About a year ago,
I was listening to Bruno Isenesee (Karat DJ among other
pursuits) on his radio morning show, when he said, talking about
someone he didn't identify, "you know this bloke? he says we're
trying to kill him. We should be done for attempted manslaughter"
which mirrored something I had said a day or two before
(I'm not paranoid, honest!). Now that got broadcast to the whole
of Wickensen - if any recordings are kept of the shows then it'll be
there.

152


-- 
Posted via a free Usenet account from http://qhk.pexhwtwp.nxm