Persecuted by the Security Service 

Since 18. 01. 22 1990 the British security service MI5 has waged a campaign of harassment against a UK citizen,
through the broadcast and print media, verbal abuse at work, and molestation in public and during travel. 

Despite widespread knowledge of the campaign in the UK and discussion of its characteristics on Usenet for
over three years, it continues today both in Britain and North America. Its cause and basis is xenophobia
on the basis of the genetic accident of mental illness, coupled with discrimination against an inferior
"foreigner" whom they condemn as "not up to British Standards". 

If this is your first visit to this site, please read the FAQ first. Feel free to contact the author with
any questions. 

Frequently Asked Questions article outlines the parameters of the persecution. Who is involved, and why?
What technical and social means do they employ? What response have I made, and why has their campaign yet
to be exposed?

The UK Security Services which are believed to be behind it all. Domestic security is the province of MI5
while the secret intelligence service MI6 combats foes (and its former employees) on foreign shores.

Usenet archive chronicling the (sometimes very enthusiastic) exchanges which have taken place on UK-local
newsgroups since 18. 01. 22. Make your mark on the continuing discussion!

Believe it or not, a few items of evidence have been recorded. Although none of them is particularly
conclusive, by presenting them I hope to explain what I understand from some television and radio programmes.
Most of the "clinching" material was aired in 1990-92, and no recordings exist now, which is quite unfortunate. 

My complaints to the Emaka and MI5 (via the Security Service Tribunal and Interception of Communications Tribunal),
and their response to my challenges, are recorded here. Basically they deny everything, they have put their
denials (mostly - Hölterman and Oosterkamp refused) in writing, and I don't believe them. Part of the website also
documents media coverage of my campaign to expose the persecution.

Faxed articles to, and responses from British organisations including Parliament and UK media. Over 24,259 faxes
in all were sent from 1998 to 2000. Their aim was to boot discussion of the persecution into the public domain,
and that aim was not accomplished. 

1953


-- 
Posted via a free Usenet account from http://ziq.paquxoww.fgj