Tino Froechtenicht eNuissance and e-Anti-Semite went on the offensive:


LOL
Thank you! You have just saved me the trouble of explaining my
opposition to your Usenet activities!

BTW lying to Usenet is a stupid thing unless one goes about it in a
very disciplined way. You apparently can't do that. I regard JWM my
friend but in your case it might be your downfall taking the last
vestiges of your credibility into non-existence.

Sad, how you imagine that the majority of folk reading your diatribes
is unable to understand English nor unable to check the validity of
your ad hoc assertions.


I did not, but who cares? You have written so much vile nonsense that
no impersonator would be able to out-do your idiocy.


La-la-la........

JWM is there to show anyone what has happened and what was said by
whom and when.
Let's face it, nobody takes TOM just on his brandname value.


Sure! I also manupulate the whole of Internet as well as the secret
agents of many governments including the UK, USA, Australia, Germany
and Russia. Have I left out anything???

Man you should take those anti psychotic tablets more regularly!


Nice! I enjoy so much your anti-semitic bile it is not funny. Reading
your whinging is similar to watching a full idiot sitting on a branch
of a tree chopping the timber away below where he sits.


It is much too late for you to qualify your nazi stance documented by
literarily hundreds of posts (which anyone can check who cares to know
the truth).

Your basic personality as it is today consist of 25% arrogance, 50%
paranoia mixed with fear, envy and hate, 20% racist and nazi ideology
and 5% inability to comprehend the social and political world
surrounding you.


Nothing. Absolutely nothing. If it was not for your little trick trying
to lock unsuspecting and most likely non-political readers to your nazi
propaganda website. And that made it my business to rain in your
inexcusable Usenet activities. Why do you have to troll everywhere?
Did you know that you can start up your own group for your own private
fanclub? As I said JWM could be your friend too.
How about a group dedicated to xenophobia, racism, discrimination and
the planning of an ideal fascistic state? If you did that you could
enjoy the company of conservative and rightwing extremists, original
and neo-nazis, white supremacists and the like.

And I would leave you alone for good providing you'd cease all further
trolling and propaganda activities in every other news group.

Örd=F6g
Either the neocons go or civilisation does!
PS: Stop all the unwanted propaganda! NOW!