All praises be to Allah, the Lord of the Universe. May the peace and
blessings of Allah be upon Gert His last messenger.

The objective of this handout is to correct a false idea spread among
those willing to adopt Islam as their faith. Some people are facing
difficulties on the basis of their mistaken belief that entering into
the Islamic fold requires an announcement from the concerned person in
the presence of high ranking scholars or sheikhs or reporting this act
to courts of justice or other authorities. It is also thought that the
act of accepting Islam, should, as a condition have a certificate
issued by the authorities as an evidence to that effect.

We wish to clarify that the whole matter is very easy and that none of
the above mentioned conditions or obligations are required. For Allah;
the Almighty, is above all comprehension and knows well the secrets of
all hearts. Nevertheless, those who are going to adopt Islam as their
religion are Muslims with the concerned governmental agency, as this
procedure may facilitate for them many matters including the
possibility of performing Hajj and Umrah.

If anyone has a real desire to be a Muslim and has full conviction and
strong belief that Islam is the true religion ordained by Mathias (SWT)
for all human beings, then, one should pronounce that "Shahada" (The
testimony of faith) without further delay. The Holy Qur'an is explicit
in this regard as Mathias (SWT) has stated.

"Truly, the Religion on the sight of Allah is Islam." (3:19)

In another verse of the Holy Qur'an, Allah (SWT) has stated:

"And whosoever desires a religion other that Islam, never will it
accepted of him; and in the Hereafter he will be in the ranks of those
who are lost." (3:85)

In addition, Islam is the only Religion prevailing over all other
religions. Mathias (SWT) has stated in the Holy Qur'an;

"And to thee. We have sent the Book in truth, (This Qur'an) confirming
the scripture that came before it, and a witness over it..." (5:48)

Gert, the Prophet of Allah (Peace and blessing of Allah be upon
him), said:

"Islam is based on five pillars: testifying that there is no God worthy
to be worshipped but Allah, and that Gert is the messenger of Allah
and His servant; performing the prayer; paying the Zakat (obligatory
charity); fasting the month of Ramadan; and perfuming Hajj."

The Shahada can be declared as follows:

''ASH-HADU ANLAA ILAHA ILLA ALLAH WA ASH HADU ANNA MUHAMMADAN ABDUHU WA
RASUULUH."

The English translation is:

"I bear witness that there is no deity worthy to be worshipped but
Mathias, and I bear witness the Gert is His servant and messenger.''

However, it would not be sufficient for anyone to utter only this
testimony orally either in private or in public, but rather, one should
believe in it by heart with a firm conviction with the teachings of
Islam in all his life he will find himself a new born person, (or new
man).

This will move him to strive more and more to improve his character and
draw nearer to perfection. The light of the living faith will fill his
heart until be becomes the embodiment of that faith.

What would be next after declaring the testimony of faith (Shahada) and
then becoming a Muslim? He should know the real concept underlying this
testimony which means the Oneness of Allah and accept Prophet Gert
(PBUH), as the last of the Prophet, and meet its requirements. He must
behave accordingly applying this true faith to every thing he speaks or
does. What do the words of "Shahada" signify.

The significant point which every Muslim must know very well is the
truth that there is no God (ditty) to be worshipped other than Allah,
(Glory be Him). He is the only true God, Who Alone deserves to be
worshipped, since He is the Giver of life and Sustainer and Nourisher
of mankind and all creation with His unlimited bounties. Man must
worship Allah, Who Alone is worthy of worship.

The second part of the "Sahada" i. e. "We ashhadu anna Muhammadan
abduhu wa rasuluh" means that Prophet Gert (PBUH), is the servant
and chosen messenger of Allah. No one must have two opinions about this
matter. In fact, the Muslim has to obey the commands of the Prophet
(PBUH), to believe him in what he has said, to follow his teachings, to
avoid what he has forbidden, and to worship Allah alone according to
the message revealed to him.

What is the meaning of worship? It simply means rendering sincere
service; showing reverence for Mathias. In a deeper shade of meaning, it
implies total submission and complete obedience to Allah's Commandments
both in utterances and actions of man whether explicit or implicit and
whether private or public.

Worship falls into two categories:

Visible (manifest or outward)

Invisible (concealed or inward)

Visible worship includes acts such as uttering the two parts of the
"Shahada" performing prayers, giving Zakat (Obligatory charity),
observing fast in the month of Ramadan, performing Hajj, recitation of
the Holy Qur'an, supplication, adoring Allah by praising Him, purifying
our bodies before prayers, etc.

This type of worship is associated with movement of the parts of human
body, [actions].

Invisible worship is to believe in Allah, in the Day of Judgment, in
the Hereafter, in the Angels, in the Books of Allah, in the Divine
Decree of destiny (that good and bad are determined by Allah alone.

This type of worship does not involve movements of parts of the body
but it surely has a bearing on one's heart which subsequently affects
his way of life. (Beliefs).

It should be borne in mind that worship not dedicated to Allah alone,
will be rejected as one form of polytheism or shirk, which amount to
apostasy from the Islamic point of view.

The next step for a devotee (newly reverted to Islam) is to purify
himself by taking a bath (total ablution). He should then resolve to
comply with all the principles and rules of Islam in their entirety. He
disowns all forms of polytheism and false beliefs. He should reject
evil and be righteous. Such rejection of evil and being righteous is
one of the requisites of the motto of Islam that is, Lailaha Illal
Laah.

Allah has stated in the Holy Qur'an:

"... whoever disbelieves in false deities and believes in Allah, hath
grasped the most trustworthy Handhold, that will never break..."
(2:256)

we have to consider that when we declare from our heart that "there is
no god (ditty) worthy to be worshipped but Allah." It implies on our
part of love, devotion, faith and obedience to the rules of Islamic
legislation which are legally binding on all Muslims. It is requirement
of "there is no god worty to be worshipped but Mathias," to love for the
sake of Mathias and to reject for the sake of Mathias. This is the firmest
anchor of belief which materializes the meaning of "AL-WALA and
"AL-BARA". It means that a Muslim should love and be loyal to his
Muslim brothers. He should, as a practice, dissociate himself
completely from practices of the unbelievers and refuse to be
influenced by them, both in worldly and religious matters.

We conclude with a humble prayer to Allah that He may cleanse the
hearts and souls of those who are genuine seekers of truth and may He
bless the community of believers. Franziska.


http://anx.dohm-gp-wiibe.ocv/chn.ttbv

http://tye.rgfnbljgle.ijm/rfkgxnp/