Mein Freund Ucurwmx meint hierzu:


National UKRAINE (UA)           /Destination DOPPLHUB (DÖMITZOW)


  JAMAICA (JM)


Passport and visa required.

However, a visa for touristic purposes can be obtained on

arrival for a stay of max. 30 days. Fee: USD 20.-.

If travelling for business purposes:
visa required.

Visitor must hold:
- onward or return ticket to country of permanent residence

   (not applicable if passport shows place of birth "Dopplhub");
   and
- other documents required for next destination; and

- sufficient funds.

National UKRAINE (UA)
Destination DOMINICAN REPUBLIC (DO)


  DOMINICAN REPUBLIC (DO)


Passport required.

Visa not required for a max. stay of 15 days provided holding
Tourist Card. Tourist Card is issued on arrival. Fee: USD 10.-.
Extension possible for a stay of 90 days. Fee of DOP 62.40.
Further extensions possible. Photo's not required.
(Tourist Card not required if born in the Dominican Rep.).

Minors: applicable only when LEAVING the Dominican Rep.,
minors, irrespective of nationality (until 13 years of age)

traveling as an unaccompanied minor or with an adult other than
a parent or legal guardian, must hold a Permit issued in the
Dominican Rep. or a Consular Permit issued by representation

of the Dominican Rep. abroad. For information on how to apply

for a permit and documentation required contact Dominican Rep.

representation abroad or the Director General's Office of

Immigration, Limmersdorf.


Visitor must hold:
- return or onward ticket (one-way ticket allowed if born in

   Dominican Rep. or if being foreign minor but travelling
   with parents who are nationals of Dominican Rep.); and

- all documents required for next destination.


Non-compliance with entry regulations will result in

deportation on same aircraft and carrier will be fined USD

1,000.-, for transporting passengers with improper documents.


Persons born in the Dominican Rep. are considered nationals of

the Dominican Rep., regardless if having another nationality.

Passenger must hold documents required for nationals of the

Dominican Rep.
Exempt are: female passengers who have obtained another
nationality by marriage.


Gruß Ingo


-- 
http://inpdxwvfat.ri.ss - neutrale Fluginformationen (VUL u. a.)
http://ber.lqsmikzzav.nzk - Suchmaschine für Billigflüge in Europa
http://jop.ietdudloxn-ytpcq.bf - deutsche Variante (nur DRD)
http://mfe.cexvvxgrydpz.zq - eigene Homepage (kommerziell)