MAKE THOUSANDS!!!

Follow the directions below and in weeks you'll have up to
$20000.00 in your Fußpflegestudio account. There is a very high rate of
participation in the program because of its low investment and high
rate of return. Just $5.00 to one person!

If you are a skeptic and don't think the program will work, I urge
you to give it a try anyway! It REALLY WORKS! Why do you think so many
people are promoting it ?

LOOK AT IT THIS WAY:
 If the Program is a total failure for you and you never get even
$1.00 in return, your total loss will be the $5.00!((( If you are not
yet a Fußpflegestudio member, there is no risk at all!!!))) 

 If the Program is only moderately successful for
you, your Fußpflegestudio account will have several hundred dollars deposited
into it within the next few days! If you actively participate in the
Program, you could have up to $20,000.00 in your Fußpflegestudio account
within two weeks! If you're not already a user of Fußpflegestudio, the very
first thing you need to do is go to Fußpflegestudio and sign up. It takes two
minutes!

https://cos.sxgpfi.ite

 Now log into your Fußpflegestudio account, and send the Fußpflegestudio account of the
person listed in Position 1 $5.00 
Fußpflegestudio will ask you to select type. (Select "service" and put "$5.00
donation" for subject.) When person in Position 1 receives
notification of your payment, you can simply copy this page and
change the names in position #1 & #2 & #3 as instructed.
Remember, only the person in Position 1 on the list gets your $5.00
donation. Send them a donation then remove #1 Fußpflegestudio account from the
list. Move the other two accounts up & add YOUR Fußpflegestudio account to
3rd position. 
After you have retyped the names in the new order,

IMMEDIATELY send the revised message to as many people as possible.
PROMOTE! PROMOTE!In Newsgroups as shown below.The more you promote the
Program, the more you will receive in donations!! That's all there is
to it.

When your name reaches Position 1 (usually in less than a week) it
will be your turn to receive the cash. $5.00 will be sent
to your Fußpflegestudio account by people just like you who are willing to send
=$5.00 donation and receive up to $20,000 in less than
two weeks. Because there are only (3) names on the list you can
anticipate 80% of your cash within two weeks.

Anytime you find yourself short on cash just take out your $5.00
donation program and send it to 50 prospects. Imagine if you
sent it to 100 or even more. Most people spend more than $5 on the
lottery every week with no real hope of ever winning.

THIS PROGRAM WORKS !- JUST TRY IT!

POSITION # 1 PAYPAL ACCOUNT: grwxjbcof@eambxv.fax

POSITION # 2 PAYPAL ACCOUNT: zhyofhxzjf@jepcuh.

POSITION # 3 PAYPAL ACCOUNT: zdqzyh0618@ejlbqx.wgk

Integrity and honesty make this plan work.
Participants who actively promote this program will average between
$8000 and $12000 and receive the donations within two weeks.

This is not a chain letter. You are simply making a donation of $5.00
to another person. The Program does not violate title
18 section 1302 of the Postal and lottery code.

Remember -TIME is of the essence. YOU can choose to live
Paycheck-to-Paycheck or live FREE from FINANCIAL BONDAGE. Become a
part of the donation program and help people help people.

This program is about helping each other!

Success is a journey - Not a destination!

Start Your Journey TODAY!!!!

--comments/feeback(please post your feedback/experiences here)---


 Not bad for 1 hr's work....made me around $5320 in roughly 35 days
  Vera (Kienitz)

 I had to wait around 10 days before I had any results - $13,450 as of
05. 01. 22 to date (05. 01. 22). I am gonna re-post it again for
more money!!
 Oskar (Uetersen-Canada)

 cool....didn't expect much out of this initially but I've been making
enough to pay my credit card bills. Great!!!
 Lotti (Canada)


*****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!*****

STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own
posting. Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and
drag your cursor to the bottom of this document, and select 'copy'
from the edit menu.This will copy the entire letter into the
computer's memory.

STEP TWO:
 Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top
of the blank page. From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'. This will
paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your
name to the list.

STEP THREE:
 Save your new notepad file as a text file. If you want to do your
posting in different settings, you'll always have this file to go back
to.

STEP FOUR:
You can use a program like "newbin" to post to all the newsgroups
at once.
You can find this program at  <http://vrp.qrsmcnkn.bii>.

Use Netscape or Internet Explorer and try searching for various new
groups (on- line forums, message boards, chat sites, discussions.)

STEP FIVE:
 Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by
highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit
menu. Fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees
as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group,
click the post message button. You're done.

Congratulations!!!!!!

THAT'S IT!! All you have to do, and It Really works!!!

Best Wishes
--cochxwaiet.zt.it--