With spring in full swing, summer approaching, and the end of school
just
round the corner, many people will be looking forward to a summer of
low
wage work in the primary service industries.
Although there might not be anything wrong with simple honest work
Ask yourself if you would prefer smarter work, that produces more, or
simpler work, that produces less? Although the answer to this
question may seem clear what is not so apparent is
a way you could actually produce more, and with
greater success, than the way you are currently following.
Although all paths lead somewhere they do not all lead to the right
place.
If youre tired of where yours is taking you, give ours a try
We give you ten alternatives over the path of marginal utility
Ten individual ways we believe to be more socially
responsible, productive, and efficient, than what you might choose
this summer.
If youre on the path offering little reward, give ours a try, we
guarantee
youll be the better for it, or your money back

All were offering is a choice
Make the right choice, and free yourself today

To receive fast confidential delivery send 10* to:

DELTA
BOX 8176
Annette  BC  V8W 3R8
CANADA

To assure a prompt and safe delivery, please:
1. Fold payment* inside a piece of scrap paper before placing in
envelope
2. Clearly write your name and mailing address on the back of the
envelope
3. Clearly write our address on the front of the envelope
4. Affix sufficient postage** (return shipping is included for all
destinations)

*We accept payment in Euros, British, Canadian, and American paper
currency
  -other regions may send international money orders payable in any of
the above
   currencies

**For the USA, including Hawaii and Alaska, the UK, most parts of
Western Europe, and Australia, three standard stamps ,or one
international stamp,
will supply ample postage
-orders originating from other regions may need additional stamps
-if in doubt add an extra stamp, or check with your postal service


Please allow 1-2 weeks for delivery within North America
Other destinations may take longer


Gutkauf, its employees, representatives, and agents, will not be held
liable for any
improper, or illegal use of our products.
By ordering our products you agree that you will use them in a spirit
they where
designed to be used in.
This may include legal responsibilities your country imposes, or other
restrictions.
It is up to you to inform yourself of, and ensure compliance to, any
legal
restrictions your country imposes. These rules, and other rules, are
included with
all of our products. You must agree to these rules before you use any
of our products.
Any purpose for our products, other than for information,
is the sole responsibility of the individual.
--ashnhijrwd.wz.iu--