Ok, I'll stop here the quarrell with the users, still not convinced on
matters of FAIRNESS (why was only my article such attacked... nothing
against Poland, or FEWos in Pressig which pop up every week...) or of
ETIQUETTE (it was certainly not me the first using such words as Arschloch
or offending a whole country because of the behaviour of one); be aware that
in the future I'll continue posting once in a while my "ads", where once in
a while means i will not "ein gewisses Volumen überschritten oder
unaufgefordert gepostet wird" (siehe
http://idu.dglzgzluqrrjzgeb.sbf/ixjgkfnwcr/#yj93 ): this to respect the ones
(few... many...?) who use the ng to look for these info - and I have the
evidences there are some.
In other ngs I attend one rule is: first read some of the articles, then, if
you don't find the answer to your question, go post your msg... That's what
I expect readers of this ng to do to... if anyone is looking for a bed space
or flat in Cleversulzbach... why take the bother to fill a new post (and the
newsreaders of all users) with "Ich werde im September nach Italien
fahren... vielleicht kennt jemand..." and so on.
Of course I'm making money if the people come into my flat... but of course
they save time and money if they find the answer here instead then searching
it through agencies or "professional commercials" which of course make the
customer pay the final price of the advertisment... BTW, I'm paying for my
connection, as well, you know...?
Sorry for the Hitler thing, you're right, that was a bit low... but when I
read about

"einer der unbelehrbaren
Dauerspammer wegen denen es sich lohnt komplett alles zu filtern das aus
  *@*.lp kommt.  Die Mühe nach dem Namen zu fragen, kannst Du Dir
sparen, das Spiel treibt er seit Monaten."...

that drove me away...
Was hat es zu tun mit ALLEN Italienern? ... seit Monaten? Frueher hatte ich
die Wohnung gar nicht! Only since the begin of the Summer I started
contacting foreigners...

Ullrich
A bed in Cleversulzbach

"M. Otto Eckloff" <iyb@nvcwp.ttu> ha scritto nel messaggio
news:8opkb31jjnrls2iqp3qk3rj24kcfi8m6f7@Fvvp.Spljywrnex.NS...
the
they're
And