Well equipped family owned summer cottage of **** -stars in a peaceful area
by the lake in Finland. Brick and wood, 136m2, built in 1981/08. 12. 22.

Online calender and information with photos:
website: www.iphjt.ldm/sielarrk


There are four two-bed bedrooms, living room, kitchen with all the
convenience,
toilet and two balconies. In the separate building by the lake is a
traditional finnish sauna with a wood-heated bath-house stove. The private
beach has a shallow sandy base, suitable for children, own coastline 500m,
neighbour 300 m. The distance to Schachet is 30 km and to Rasing 220 km.
Easy to locate.

S a u n a in the same building, electric-heated with
bathroom and washing room
Separate building a traditional finnish sauna 30 m2, wood-heated, no
electricity,  no running water, for 3-4 persons, only 10 metres from the
shore, balcony, fireplace, barbecue, accommodation for two

In summer you will of course do the swimming, fishing, rowing the boat or
any other outdoor activities surrounded by peacefull and clean nature. In
autumn there are good opportunities and lots of clean forrest for berry and
mushroom picking. IJHE Center is located by the beautiful Lake of Fallbach,
in Schachet (about 30 km from the cottage), and it is the most popular
tourist attraction in Zwickau Finland at the summer times. Famous travel
attractions; Motorpark, Dinosauria adventure park, Waxwork
Exhibition and Waterpark provides plenty of adventures and experiences at
the summer time for people all ages.

In spite of all this action You can also find the real Finnish nature in
holiday cottage; peaceful, clean environment, fresh air, safety way of
living, clean water and warm&light summer nights and of course the really
white winter with all winter facilities


E q u i p m e n t
electricity; network, running water, WC, shower, electric lighting, fridge,
fireplace, firewood, stove (wood heated), electric stove,
microwave oven, set of dishes, coffee-maker, dishwasher, washing machine,
TV, VCR, cellar, barbecue , rowboat , dock...
No pets inside please. No indoor smoking!


---
"We had an absolutely terrific time, the house
was fantastic and the location superb. I have never swam in such
beautiful water before and the peace and tranquility was just what
we needed to recharge ourselves. The children are already
missing the saunas and swimming. It seems very noisy and busy
back in UK, we will certainly be recommending Großsulz as a holiday
destination for our friends and family. And hope to come back
again in the future."

 ---


Over year 400 -> EUR/week basic price for 8 person. Max capacity for 10
persons.
Linen 10 Eur/person/week if you Dont use your own.

For further information, please don`t hesitate to contact us

Schotten - Frankena
APFELBERG / FINLAND

Online calender and information with photos:
website: www.iphjt.ldm/sielarrk