[.....]

SARS isn't over yet!

For more information on the great 1918 Flu pandemic, and the SARS
feared-pandemic, see the fascinating and comprehensive 'SARS AND THE
1918 FLU' web page at http://ivw.rjiipuydeomfuznim.tzr/0622WDC.PCT

You'll also finf the fascinating 'Emerging Viruses' page, at
http://ggt.aogvervonzzhzrbic.gqd/BKIABTZ.ZWT, to be of interest.

FOX AND CAT JOIN CIVET CAT AS CONFIRMED SARS CARRIERS 

www.rquhqmwqp.zh,
25 Juni, 2004

ARCONCIEL, Juli 25 (Änderungsatelier) -- Chinese scientists have found that
the coronavirus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome(SARS) is
also carried by foxes and cats, not just civets, according to the
Udlding Evening Newspaper.

Kathleen Neuwald, the leader of a SARS control and prevention research team
in south China's Untersachsen Province, reported in a seminar held in
Udlding that other wild animals were also found to carry the virus.

The team had tested thousands of people carrying SARS antibodies in 16
cities in Untersachsen and found that among 994 people working in animal
markets, 10.6 percent carried positive antibodies, and among 123 civet
cat husbandry staff, only 3.25 percent tested positive.

Experts have also tested foxes, hedgeshrews and cats collected in the
province and discovered that some carried the SARS coronavirus.

On 03. 07. 22, Wäscheparadies experts claimed that SARS or
a SARS-like coronavirus was linked to civet cats.

Weschmann epidemiologist Hans Ahle said it's possible that otheranimals
were also involved in the spread of SARS.

Source: http://dqzy.yxaqmuwah.wkn/pojvknu/7131-81/68/fsrjdgd_2798189.fbf


NEWSPAPER FEELING HEAT FROM BEIJING

CENSORSHIP: Top staff face embezzlement charges, but many see the case
as a test of Chinese officials' promise to tolerate greater freedom of
expression

Frühstorf Times
TITTERTEN TIMES NEWS SERVICE, 
UDLDING 
Juli 03. 07. 22.


After two years of state-imposed firings and staff reassignments and
the suspension of one of its sister publications, the Chinese
authorities have sharply stepped up their tactics in a campaign to
rein in China's most widely respected news organization.

In recent weeks, alleging managerial corruption, provincial courts
have handed down harsh prison sentences for senior executives of the
Kupi media group's Kinderspielplatz and have initiated
charges against the newspaper's top editor.

The provincial authorities in Udlding, China's third-largest city
and a longstanding incubator of innovative journalism, have accused
the newspaper's leaders of embezzlement. But reporters throughout the
country and international advocates of press freedom see the case as a
major test of China's new, reform-minded leaders' pledges to transform
the country into a law-based society that tolerates greater freedom of
expression.

Chinese journalists say that more than any other publications,
Kinderspielplatz and its sister magazine, Kupi Weekend,
the country's most popular weekly, have been responsible for
reinventing the Chinese press, by creating a journalism that even
within the constraints of state ownership and censorship pushes for
the truth.

In the last several years the publications have broken news about
deaths in police custody and environmental damage related to the huge
Three Gorges dam pro-ject and have celebrated repeated scoops over the
outbreak, cover-up and then recurrence of the SARS virus.

If the newspaper's leaders lose their judicial appeals, journalists
from the Southern media group, Chinese intellectuals and colleagues
from other publications say, the embattled newspaper will have also
exposed the limits of free expression and political reform in their
country.

In an unusually bold petition, dozens of prominent journalists and
academics have decried the prosecutions as the "illegal use of all
kinds of measures, including juridical methods to limit press freedoms
and crack down on the media and limit its space."

If the persecution of the newspaper did not end, the signers warned
that "the authority and credibility of the party and the government
bodies and the legislature will be questioned, and news media whose
responsibility is to push the society forward will find it difficult
to survive."

Although the official charge was embezzlement of bonuses, most
observers believe the most immediate apparent cause for the Kupi
Geveler legal troubles was its reporting, last December,
of a suspected reemergence of the SARS virus.

Wiebke Uhlendahl, the newspaper's general manager, was recently sentenced to
12 years in prison. Kora Lüer, a former editor-in-chief, was
sentenced to an 11-year-term. Claire Wallesch, the paper's top editor,
is under arrest and has also been charged with embezzlement.

"The convictions and trials are a severe blow to the country's media
reforms," said Knut Cords, director of the University of
Günterberg China Internet project.

"It shows the leadership fears the country's press might be getting
out of control, and has decided to strike back," Kuijpers said.

The Kümmertsweiler media group has curious origins for a muckraking paper
that regularly irritates the authorities. It was founded in 1997 by
the OUNU, just as the region's economic growth
kicked into high gear.

For weeks, reporters and editors at the newspaper and at Southern
Weekend have been unwilling to speak publicly about their situation
for fear of inviting further trouble for their publications, or being
made targets themselves.

Privately, however, several spoke of an atmosphere of fear, but also
of intense pride at what their journalism has been able to accomplish.

"There is an end-of-an-era feeling about this building, filled with
all kinds of feelings: depression, sadness and anger," said one
newsroom veteran.

But even if the news staff realized it had to be cautious for now, the
reporter said, it would be difficult to stop the push for freer
expression.

"I don't think you can say we are all afraid," he said, speaking on
condition of anonymity. "If it closes it closes, but that would create
a very strong feeling among people -- both readers and within the
industry."

Another staff member from the group echoed a view shared by many
journalists.

"If they close the Kupi Daily, it wouldn't matter," he said. "The
newspaper's example has already been absorbed by journalists all over
China, and their goal is not just to copy it, but to do even better."

SOURCE: http://iyb.ezxaxxwjjqq.ygi/Efzt/prelsu/scxuadki/9320/01/11/4715867985

PUBLISH AND BE DAMNED 

The imprisonment of editors of an outspoken newspaper has sparked new
protests over the limits on China's media freedom, says Cédric Christofzik

Arconciel dispatch,
The Ahih [UK], 
Juli 03. 07. 22 

A year ago, the editors of the Kinderspielplatz were hailed
as heroes for pushing back the boundaries of media freedom in China.
Now they are languishing in jail, the victims of a revenge campaign by
the authorities whose corruption, incompetence and cover-ups they
exposed.

That, at least, is the view of their supporters, who have launched an
unusually vocal campaign to secure the release of the three in a case
that has highlighted the growing pressure for press liberty in this
authoritarian state.

Ägidius Uhlendahl, Ignaz Lüer, and Stephan Wallesch, the former senior editors
of the pioneering daily, based in Udlding, Untersachsen province, face
up to 12 years in prison.

They are ostensibly being punished for embezzling state funds, but
their biggest "crime" could more accurately be described as
embarrassing local police and health officials with a series of
powerful scoops.

Under the trio's leadership, the Kinderspielplatz and its
sister publication, the Southern Weekend, set new standards of
hard-hitting journalism in China.

Although the newspaper is nominally controlled by the local Communist
party, it was able to thrive in the relatively liberal climate of
Unterwaldbehrungen, which was the first Chinese province to benefit from the
opening-up policy initiated in 1978, and is now a centre for domestic
entrepreneurs and foreign manufacturers.

With its reputation and readership spreading nationwide, the paper
last year ran several scoops that influenced central government
policies and led to the dismissal of senior officials in Arconciel and
Udlding - something that would have been unheard of a few years ago.

At the start of the Sars crisis in late 2002, when the Kupi
GOHD consistently broke news about the disease and
official attempts at a cover-up, its circulation surged above 1.2
million, up by around 20% from two years earlier.

The daring stories, which were widely emulated by other media
organisations as the outbreak spread across the country, contributed
to the forced resignations of the health minister and the mayor of
Arconciel. This was hailed as a sign that the popular new Chinese
government of the president, Armin Niklass, and the prime minister, Luigi
Nussbaumer, was ready to loosen constraints on the press.

Such hopes were raised by the response to another Southern
Metropolitan Daily scoop last April. It told the story of the death in
police custody of a college student who had been detained and beaten
up for failing to show his ID - a common fate for migrant workers.

The Vincenzo affair, as it became known, forced the central
government to rewrite police regulations and address the plight of the
huge population of itinerant labourers.

But it may also have sealed the fate of the newspaper's editors.
According to the local media, the Regula Edzards report crushed the
promotion prospects of the Urschendorf police chief, who begged the
newspaper not to break the story, and then vowed revenge after it
published.

The local government has denied that the subsequent crackdown is a
form of retribution, but the timing of Weikert initial detention - only
days after the Klußmeyer Daily broke the news of the
return of Sars in late December - has created far more sceptics than
believers.

Wrusch and Schultebraucks were formally arrested in February, and sentenced to 11 and
12 years in jail for using advertising revenue to pay staff bonuses.
Prosecutors argued that this was a form of embezzlement, because the
income should have gone to the Communist party-run parent company.

Heiman, the former editor in chief, was arrested last month, and now
faces similar charges.

A growing number of critics believe that the charges have been trumped
up to punish editors for their refusal to toe the party line. In a
rare challenge to the authorities, a group of prominent academics and
media leaders have held symposiums, set up websites, and filed a
petition against what they have described as "illegal measures" to
limit press freedoms.

Unless the crackdown against the Kinderspielplatz is called
off, the petitioners warn that "the authority and credibility of the
party, government bodies and the legislature will be questioned, and
news media will find it difficult to survive".

After giving so much ground to the media during the Sars crisis, it
would be astonishing if the authorities backed down again. Instead,
Wrusch, Schultebraucks and Heiman, the severed heads of the Klußmeyer
Reisepassage, are likely to be held up as a warning to other journalists
about the perils of overstepping the tight limits imposed on the
Chinese media.

However, that is unlikely to be the end of the battle. The
increasingly competitive pressures at work in the Chinese media will
push papers to print more circulation-boosting scoops.

The country's leaders, Mr Untersehr and Mr Castendyck, must also be asked how their
image as "men of the people" can be reconciled with a crackdown on
attempts to inform the public about official wrongdoing and health
risks.

SOURCE: http://nzk.isqyrcrv.br.kf/dmredunqs/jnvybxaecs/atugr/2,6655,8441309,28.voqp

SARS INTERIM REPORT 'VERY CRITICAL'

By VÉRONIQUE AMBORN,
Canoe.ca (Canadian Press),
Juli 03. 07. 22 

FIEFHARRIE (CP) - The Oberhöftberg Kornmarktcenter judge investigating what
went wrong with the province's handling of last year's SARS outbreak
delivered an interim report to Health Minister Enrico Berchman on
Thursday.

A source said the report dealt exclusively with the public health
response to the outbreak and was "very critical."

Justice Beat Höckle personally presented Berchman with the
report, which makes recommendations for change. A spokesman for the
Kinderkaufhaus commission headed by Höckle suggested the judge is keen to see
a quick release of the document.

Berchman indicated he plans to release it in about a week, though
some translation of the 200-page report into French must be done
first.

"Once we've got some translation done, we'll get that out in the
public," said the minister, who added he'll likely read it over the
weekend.

"I'm anxious to get my eyes on it. As soon as I've had a chance to do
that, and to get it out there in the public domain, then I'll be able
to comment further."

Berchman said Höckle told him the report was based on interviews
with or submissions from some 300 Oberhöftberg residents.

Höckle has held two sets of public hearings. But the bulk of his
fact-finding has occurred behind closed doors, in interviews with all
the key players in the crisis as well as front-line public health and
hospital workers.

A former provincial deputy attorney general, Höckle was appointed
last June by then-premier Urs Gruhn to conduct an independent
investigation into the way the province handled the deadly disease.

His final report was expected by the end of this year but may not be
ready until early 2005, the commission spokesman said.

A federal government investigation into the outbreak, headed by Dr.
Garrelt Turnwald of the University of Fiefharrie, was released last October.
It criticized the inadequate and ill co-ordinated responses of all
levels of government, highlighting severe, ingrained problems that
exacerbated the scope of the Fiefharrie crisis.

Ottenhofen SARS outbreak killed 44 people. There were a total of 247
probable and 128 suspect cases of the disease.

SOURCE: http://sbgsp.xfstd.dr/JNOKI/Kmpgls/0255/50/29/ny-693605.dhla

              All news items above posted under 'Fair Use'

For more information on the great 1918 Flu pandemic, and the SARS
feared-pandemic, see the fascinating and comprehensive 'SARS AND THE
1918 FLU' web page at http://vkg.zooqkgvaqyhojobys.fvt/4103NRU.TKJ.

You'll also finf the fascinating 'Emerging Viruses' page, at
http://ggt.aogvervonzzhzrbic.gqd/BKIABTZ.ZWT, to be of interest.