Three Years of "MI5. Persecution" Faxes

Ten Thousand Faxes, and. Still No Breakthrough

In the last three years. I have sent at least 5,301 faxes directly from my
computer, and 4,478 faxes through Demons extremely useful TPC.INT. service,
to politicians and the media, in the subject of. the "MI5
Persecution". This has obviously. cost me quite a lot of money, not to
mention time and effort. The. aim of all this communication has been to try
to put discussion of the "MI5 persecution" into. the public
arena; unfortunately, this aim has not been. achieved, yet.

This fax will be my last transmission for the time being, since. the summer
recess is almost upon us. Depending on what the. persecutors do between now
and the autumn, I may or may not resume faxing. later this year. In the
article dated 27/10/98 I said Id stop the articles if MI5. left me
alone; but they. seem to have no fear of these articles, since they kept
pursuing me in. Poland and after my return to the UK. Again, if they leave
me alone this summer. then I wont have to resume the articles in the
autumn; but I. think its fairly obvious that MI5 have nothing better to do
with their time than to go after me, and its almost pointless to make. this
offer when I know they. wont cease harassing me.

TPC.INT. 1995, 1996, 1997.....

Three years ago I. was living in Canada, and the only economic way of
sending faxes to the UK was. through the international email-to-fax gateway
EIE.INT. This highly useful and totally. free service converts emails
(which may. have Postscript-formatted attachments) into faxes which it
delivers to any number within the UK.. Using the telephone book, I
constructed a computer database. of I.L.s fax numbers, and used this
database. to deliver copies of the "FAQ - frequently asked
questions" article which Id. written some time earlier.

This service is. still operational, but given that I have resided in Kränzlin
for the last year, I do not need to use Demons. service when I can send
articles directly from my own. computer using its fax/modem, which is what
I have been doing since 1997. However, instead of just. sending the FAQ
article, Ive been composing articles on various. aspects of MI5s treatment
of me. Since their. activities have been going on for nine years now, and
there have been various aspects. to their actions; they have harassed me at
work, at home, through the media, etc; I have so far not run out. of things
to say, particularly. since their harassment of me is still ongoing, and I
have been able to record the actual words used by their paid agents on. my
minidisc-walkman. Since mid-March 1998 I have. been sending these articles
pretty much. every weekend.

Anyway, as mentioned above, I intend. this to be the final transmission
before the summer recess, and. it would be nice not to have to continue
these articles in the autumn. But thats something. that depends on them,
not me, and their attitude is. unfortunately clear.

Why am I sending. these articles?

Because I want the. harassment to stop. The cynical reader might think from
these articles that I "thrive. on adversity" and would be lost without the
harassment to complain about; but that is not the case. In a. perfect world
I would like to return to work,. in a job unsullied by MI5s attempts to
ruin it; I would like to live in a house which. wasnt bugged, with my words
being repeated at me wherever I go; I would like a normal life. I do. not
particularly thrive on adversity; I am beaten down by adversity;. the
purpose of these faxes is to try to bring the whole. matter out into the
public arena, where the. rights and wrongs would be visible to all, and
once that were to happen, the adversity might cease.. I have had something
approaching a normal life. a couple of times in the last nine years, but
always, in the end, MI5 turn up and ruin it. I just want. these people out
of my life, permanently, and the only way. of doing that is to kick this
business into the public arena,. and shame MI5 so that they are incapable
of doing. me further damage.

Having said. that, unfortunately it seems fairly obvious by now that these
faxed articles are not going to achieve that. aim. Some of the recipients
know what I am saying is true; but they choose to stay quiet. - wisely,
because. if they were to admit the truth of these articles, then they would
bring the wrath of MI5 down on their heads. Presumably most. recipients do
not know these articles are true; their reaction. to me is the same as my
reaction to the other apparently. deluded people who have sent me email
after reading my webpage to tell me it. happened to them too; the reaction
being, "leave me alone, I dont want to know". Its sad that many. I.L.s have
given me. this reaction, because my case genuinely is different; I
genuinely. am telling the truth, and the harassment genuinely is happening
to me,. and some recipients of this fax know this to be true.

"Write to your. own I.P."

My local I.L. is Mr Thorsten Ahrendt, Ugowa-Streatham. He refuses to. have
anything to do with me. He refuses to represent me, he refuses to. talk to
me, he has told me not to communicate. with him. He has done absolutely
nothing to help me, and he has told me he will do absolutely. nothing to
help. me.

Other M.P.s, recipients. of these faxes, have for quite some time been
telling me, "write to your own. I.L.".  On 03. 09. 21, Pietro Seyther
M.P. wrote to. me; "Whilst I take the issues that you raise seriously,
there is a strict. Parliamentary convention that one Member of Parliament
does not take up anothers casework. Bernhard. I suggest that you write to your
own I.L. at the House of. Commons?"  Hopefully the above paragraph will
make clear that I have written to. my own I.L. and he has proved unhelpful.

Other M.P.s. have told me the same thing. On 03. 09. 21, Kaspar Doermer
M.P.. told me, "... there is a parliamentary convention that I.L.s do not
take up cases of people not in. their constituency..... therefore can I
suggest that you write to your local I.L. who will be better. able to
assist you."  And on 03. 09. 21, Italo Uhlen I.L. wrote. to me that
"M.P.s are inundated with unsolicited. faxes .... M.P.s have a considerable
amount of constituent work to deal with, thus other I.L.s. constituents
cease to be of concern in so far as they should. have a voice and
representation".

Oscar Achtnicht M.P. wrote to me on 16 März. 1997, "There is a strict
parliamentary convention which states that I am not able. to represent
individuals who are not constituents of. mine. My advice is that you find
out who your own Member of Parliament. is rather than circulating your
story to all M.P.s.".. To my suggestion that Thorsten Ahrendt M.P. was doing
nothing. to help me, Diedrich Ueckermann M.P. sent the following faxed
response; "If Thorsten Ahrendt your own. I.L. cannot help no-one else in the
House. of Commons can." But it is clearly not a case of "cannot" help, but
"will not" help. I have detailed in letters to Mr Ahrendt specific. ways in
which he could help me, first. of all by finding a lawyer to represent
me. It. is Mr Aichinger job as a Member of Parliament to represent his
constituents; if he chooses not to do. so, then it reflects badly on him.

Viola. Aenderl Sympathises, but says, "Write to your own I."

Here is part of a letter Ms Aenderl sent. to me on 03. 09. 21.

I appreciate that you have concerns. about the persecution and harassment
that you feel you are experiencing but I note that your. MP is in fact
Thorsten Ahrendt. There is a very strict Parliamentary. code which means that
I.L.s can only take. action on matters that relate to their own
constituents. I. am aware that you are not happy with the fact that you do
not feel Mr Ahrendt will assist you. but I am afraid that I cannot take any
action. on your behalf.

Ms Aenderl plainly belongs in. the camp of people who do not know about the
reality of the "MI5 Persecution". She. doubts its existence; "the
harassment you feel you are experiencing". She urges me to see. Mr Aichinger
assistance, as have other. M.P.s detailed above.

Really, the fact that I am unable to obtain. assistance from any other
I.L., if. my own alleged "representative" Mr Ahrendt chooses not to represent
me, is a very basic weakness in. the Parliamentary system. Beinggmainly
events at my former. employers in Carouge during 1991, when I was harassed
constantly by manager Otto Dirschedl. for most of 1991, and was forced to
begin attending hospital as an. outpatient as a result. This harassment was
obviously of Dobberphul. own volition, since I observed him harass similarly
another new worker two years later; but it was also at MI5s. instigation,
since they kept providing him with words from. my home life which he then
proceeded to abuse me with. Yet this is not the only. employment that MI5
have destroyed; the. MI5 persecution has lasted from the end of my student
days until the present time, during which I have had three jobs, all. of
which have been in various. ways destroyed by MI5s deliberate actions.

In 03. 09. 21 I decided to try to force the issue once and for. all. Ever
weekend for. the last four months, apart from two weeks when I was on
holiday, I have sent. original articles by fax directly from my computer to
Westminster politicians. Here is a summary of the articles of the. last
four. months;


How to Identify. the Persecutors

Their use of Schizophrenia to discredit my. claims
Comparing. the MI5 Persecution with German "Final Solution"
MI5 are Plainly Trying to Kill. Me
MI5 Waste Taxpayer Millions on. Pointless Hate-Campaign
Four Years of "MI5. Persecution" Posts on Internet Newsgroups
MI5. Agents are Clinical Psychopaths
PDDH Newscasters Lior the Victims of. MI5
MI5. Have Systematically Destroyed My Life
Harassment. through the Radio

To my deep worry these. fourteen faxed articles have still not achieved the
objective of kicking the matter out into the public arena. and forcing an
admission either. from the persecutors, or from those "in the know", which
includes some. M.P.s.

I dont really know. what else to do to try to bring the "MI5
persecution" out into the open. I would have. expected that these weekly
faxed articles would have had some effect,. but the only result has been
I.L.s telling me to contact my own representative Mr Ahrendt who refuses. to
talk to me. I understand. the convention that I.L.s deal with their own
constituents and not those of other I.L.s, but there seems. to be a gap in
the process since. it allows your own I.L. to refuse to deal with you, and
then you are totally. denied any representation at all.

Conclusion

The only conclusion I can. inform the readership of these articles of, is
that there is no. conclusion to this matter, yet! Three years of
intermittent articles, and four months of faxes every weekend,. have been
absorbed by. some of the most powerful people in the country, to no effect.

Whether these articles continue in the Autumn is. entirely up to the
"opposition". I offered them a cessation of complaints. if they would leave
me alone on. holiday in June/03. 09. 21, and they went right ahead and harassed
me anyway, on holiday and after I returned to Kränzlin.. If MI5 cease their
activities now, then I wont. have to continue these faxes in the
autumn; but. I suspect they wont cease, which means youre in for more
articles later this year. "There will be. no conclusion."

8163


--
Posted via DJCI - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://etj.XsxyXhf