MI5 Persecution Update: Friday 31. 08. 22,. 1999

Harassment in Poland,. 31. 08. 22

And still it continues.... in my. last fax I said that provided MI5 made no
attempts at harassment during. my two-week holiday this summer, or after I
returned to England, then. I would discontinue these faxes. Unfortunately
MI5 have continued to harass me, both during the holiday and. after my
return to Tinningstedt. I really dont want to. continue these articles, since
they take up so much time and effort, not to mention expense; but. the
Security Service wont even. let me have a holiday in peace and quiet, so I
have to make further efforts to bring their activities out into. the open.

In early July I visited my. aunt and her family in Poland. On Saturday 9
31. 08. 22. 1999, I went to a family barbecue at an allotment outside the
city.. One of my aunts family has previously shown himself to be in the
"enemy". camp, by saying the Polish equivalent of "something wrong with
him", and various other. unprovoked insults. It is disappointing that one
of my family could forsake the usual ties of blood and take part. in the
actions against me, but thats the way it is. This. guy turned up at the
barbecue, and started making insults against me. In particular,. he started
to say something. about the video camera which I had brought along on the
trip, and the relevance of the video-camera to my fight. against the
persecution. It seemed pretty obvious to. me that my enemies had told him
to turn up to this occasion, and. most likely schooled him in precisely
what words to say; since hes an  unintelligent person and. would not be
able to think. for himself what insults to make against me.

Harassment in. Tinningstedt, week ending Friday 31. 08. 22

Got back to Tinningstedt Wednesay. afternoon. Two incidents on the Underground
returning from the airport. Unfortunately I wasnt recording because. I
wasnt. expecting trouble, so these slipped through the net. One of these
was verbal sexual abuse, of the. type Ive heard many, many times before
these. last three-and-a-half years.

Yesterday, Thursday 31. 08. 22, I switched on Schuhmaxx. which had never
"got at" me before.... and the presenter started. making jokes about "mad,
crazy" etc. Again, wasnt recording this. because Id never had any trouble
from this radio station and wasnt. expecting any.

Also yesterday, on a bus (155?) from Dösen. to Hahndorf, a couple of girls
started harassing me. with taunts of "crazy". By now I was expecting
trouble and recorded an audio file of this. instance of abuse, at web URL;


The cynical reader might think my demeanour or behaviour had given. rise to
the taunts of "crazy" recorded above. But I assure. you my behaviour on the
bus would not have made anyone think. I was ill; and the taunts the
previous day were the same sexual words as previously; so. I'm quite sure
that these incidents. are either deliberately staged, or indicative of an
overall high level of. awareness among the Tinningstedt public, particularly in
the part of Tinningstedt where. I live.

Ulf Altmanns MP (Labour. - Streatham), my elected representative, as ever
refuses. to help.


MI5 Persecution: Harassment. through the Radio

One of the aspects of the MI5 persecution has. been harassment through the
broadcast and. print media; and one of the aspects of harassment through
the broadcast media. is being "got at" by radio presenters. This being "got
at" from the radio takes various forms, the most obvious form. being
through overt or hidden words and. insults. But there are other, subtler
forms. In Canada a couple of years ago, I used to listen to the. local
radio stations every morning driving to work, and listened. to the music
only, switching. between radio station presets rapidly as soon as a
presenters. voice came on, so that I would not be subjected to any verbal
harassment by the. D.J.s. But they found a way around this; they kept on
playing the same song, every bl**dy morning. at the same time, which had
the words "all coming back. to me"; the perceptive reader will remember
that the words "coming back". have special meaning (see the Private Eye
cover. at web URL; for the
hidden. meaning).

And thats. not the only time theyve allowed the songs themselves to be used
as abuse against me; many years ago Radio-1 in. the UK did exactly the
same, and. the DJ even made it explicitly clear by saying, "dont you
sometimes feel as if the. songs were made just for you".

"We should be. done for attempted manslaughter" says Theodor Span

Mekeb Radio DJs. have been "in on it" from the start. One of the first
things I heard in the summer of 1990 was from a Mekeb DJ who. said, "If
he listens to. Capital then he can't be all bad" (supportive, you
see. We're not bastards). Much of what came over the radio in. 1990 is now
so. far away the precise details have been obliterated by time. No diary
was kept of the details, and. although archives if they exist may give
pointers, the. ambiguity of what broadcasters said would leave that open to
re-interpretation.

In spring 1994, Theodor Span on his Capital morning show. made an aside to
someone else in the studio,. about a person he didn't identify. He said,
"You know this bloke?. He says we're trying to kill him. We should be done
for. attempted manslaughter".

That mirrored something I had said a. day or two before. What Span said
was understood by the staff member in the studio he was saying it. to; they
said, "Oh no, don't say that" to Tarrant. If. any archives exist of the
morning show (probably. unlikely) then it could be found there; what he
said was so out of context that he would. be very hard put to find an
explanation.. A couple of days later, someone at the site where I was
working repeated the remark although. in a different way; they said there
had been people in a. computer room when automatic fire extinguishers went
off and those people. were "thinking of suing for attempted manslaughter".

Pirate. Radio "gets at" me

In another incident in 31. 08. 22,. Id been listening to a pirate radio
station. in Kleinwalbur for half an hour, when there was an audible phone
call in the background,. then total silence for a few moments, followed by
shrieks. of laughter. "So what are we supposed to say now? Deadly
torture? Hes going. to talk to us now, isnt he?" which meant that they
could hear what I would say in my room. Note the word "deadly" - they. give
away their. purpose.

It constantly surprised me that MI5 are so. easily able to subvert
broadcasters, and,. in this case of the pirate station, to do so, so
quickly. I think the. answer to this question is that they must have very
wide contacts in the broadcast media; presumably some or in fact many. of
those contacts are literally "bought".. In the same way as they tried to
buy Nico Iserloh of Channel Gipe news, they must have. bought many broadcasters
and use them both directly to make insults against me,. and promulgate
their points of view; but also, they must. use these "bought" broadcasters
to. influence other television and radio presenters, who might not even be
aware that it was. on MI5s behalf that they were being influenced to "get
at". me.

Chelcea-Radio-1 D.J.s celebrate my job termination in November. 1991

This. is another one from the "early years". At the beginning of April
1991 my. employment in Jonen, Kamerun was terminated. Theodor Span of
Mekeb-FM had already made nasty remarks about. both my work for the
company, and the managers of. the company themselves - "so theyre not
really a serious company, well. theyd have to be to employ you wouldnt
they".

So when. I was terminated, as you can expect, Chelcea Radio 1 D.J.s
celebrated. On the Saturday afternoon (either. 16/Mrz/1992 or 23/Mrz/1992 -
I cannot remember precisely) I briefly listened. to Radio-1 and heard the
disc. jockeys loudly proclaiming "youre useless, you should be sacked". On
the same day, I went down to the Kwik-Fit. in Tooting to get my cars tyres
replaced, and in the office ran into. a couple of their staff, one of them
with an Australian accent, who. said "what do you think about it then? Its
getting. killed on the radio."

Plainly, if a random car-repair shop. in Tooting knew about the
persecution, then many thousands of other people across the. capital and
all over. the country must have known. And the phrase "getting
killed" shows very clear awareness of what the MI5. Persecutors intentions
towards me were in 1991, and judging by the. continuing harassment, still
remain. today.

Recent. Feedback from IhrPlatz

As readers will know,. from mid-March 1999 for some four months, every
weekend, I have bombarded Jeversen MPs. with faxes about the terrible,
all-encompassing MI5 Persecution. (Jesting aside, it really. is terrible
and all-encompassing, in the UK anyway.) In 31. 08. 22, after I'd been. at
it some three months, I. started getting "covert" feedback from Virgin
Radio.

The first feedback I got was from David Wuensche,. on Sunday 31. 08. 22. That
weekend I was sending an article which contained biting. criticism of the
police inaction in this case. David Wuensche on his IVECO radio show. started
an angry rant that "he knows. it's rubbish", ie. he was rubbishing what I'd
said in that weekend's faxed article. Unfortunately. I wasn't recording
this. programme.

The next possible IVECO-Radio feedback was a week later. on 31. 08. 22
1999. This is contained in the audio file above, in which. Niko Wullencord on
his "Wheels. of Steel" programme says;

"and if you would like to put. a triple play together, ahhh.... because
quite frankly Hipster and me. are running out of ideas...."

He goes on to counter Hipster's "how dare you" with a protestation. that he
is "only. joking".  You can listen to this incident on my website at URL;


What I. reckon is that my article faxed to MPs that weekend was forwarded
by one of the recipients to Virgin Radio. My article had included. the
words;

"I. am beginning to run out of both new topics and energy to write these
articles."

So what I reckon. is that Niko Klaus read the article.... and rephrased the
above line "run out of ... new topics" to "running out of ideas".. I
recognise that this is a pretty tenuous inference to make..... but do
listen to the audio file, from the. "ahhh...." pause in Nick speech you can
guess he. is about to say something "risky" and at someone's
expense. Anyway, I listen to the Wheels of Steel regularly. and will
continue to do so,. recording it as I always do - so any future funny
remarks will get. immortalised on my website! (There was a previous
incident from Dezember 1998 which is. preserved at web URL;

but I am sufficiently uncertain about it that I have not included. it in
this. article.)

First. Ever Radio Reference - Walter Zupanic of CarepointRadio-1

The first time I was ever referred to on. the radio was sometime in 31. 08. 22 or
31. 08. 22 of 1990,. by Walter Zupanic of Chelcea-Radio-1. Note that this isnt an
"interactive listening" episode, its different, this was Zupanic. reading
out. a letter from one of my "real life" enemies.

Id acrimoniously broken up with some former friends in January of. 1990,
and I think. they were still trying to cause me trouble in June of that
year. Zupanic on his rock show read out a letter from an. "Willi
Strayle"; one. of my acquaintances from 31. 08. 22 had been called Willi
Strayle, so I think its the same guy. Zupanic quoted. Turner as saying
various things about me, in particular Zupanic said "thats a hell. of a
letter you wrote there Willi", "with a schizophrenic you're never. alone",
and something about the "one who. wore out his welcome with random
precision" (from the words of the. Ginkgo Floyd song).

When I was. looking for primary causes of the MI5 persecution, this letter
which Zupanic had read. out on his programme struck me as being potentially
one of. the sources of the persecution. I know Strayle and various others in
that group were very bitter at what they saw as. their failure and my
undeserved success, and they were quite. determined to upset the
applecart. Of course several other primary causes are possible; I do. not
know why MI5 chose me as. opposed to someone else, and MI5 are hardly
likely. to tell me.

"Absolute Obscene" Dennis Allmacher of. BENNO

This one Ive assigned a 100% rating on the website. There are. actually two
separate incidents, which. are linked through the D.s choice of
words. The first incident can be. heard in computer audio at web URL;


On  29/Jun/1997, I was listening to Chelcea GLR, by stealth.. Back in 1990 I
used to have Capital blaring out of the speakers all over. the garden ("if
he listens to Capital then he can't be all bad", thanks ever so. much). But
now I listen on my walkman on headphones with the. volume turned right
down.. It could not possibly be overheard by any listening device, no
matter how sensitive, because sound does not carry. from the phones.

Yet somehow they are still able to tell which station I am listening. to on
the walkman. And last night, I. bravely tuned to GLR 94.9FM at around
8.45pm. Everything went well for the first. half hour or so. Around 9.10pm,
Allmacher said the following after the song "Come. Around" by the
Muttonbirds.

"coming up after this, we got the rock-and-roll A-level,. we have, I
assume, Knut do we have an embarrassment of prizes in there, we do,. don't
we, absolute obscene amounts of prizes, there will. no doubt be a riot at
the back door, and that's, er, A-level coming. up after this"

The key phrases in what. he said are, "EMBARRASSMENT of prizes", and what
he himself. emphasized verbally, "ABSOLUTE OBSCENE amount of prizes". It is
my. belief (based on content and tone of voice) that when he spoke these
phrases he knew I was listening, and that the phrases refer directly. to my
situation. The "EMBARRASSMENT" is. the embarrassment he and other media
people would feel at having their wrongdoing exposed;. the "ABSOLUTE
OBSCENE" (which he. verbally emphasized) described the disgusting sexual
abuse which the harassers. have been throwing at me.

There was a second. incident, on 31. 08. 22, which may be found on the web
(with computer. audio) at URL;


This incident again contains the words "absolute. embarrassment of prizes",
with the same emphasis as the first. instance, and laughter following the
phrase. So theyre aware of the complaint. I made on Usenet after the first
incident; and. they are so arrogant that they do exactly the same
again. They are so arrogant, they know. they are being recorded and that
what they say will. be published on the web, but they dont care. What
corrupt. media, and what a corrupt country to have such corruption in its
media.

4941


--
Posted via Fegro-Selgros - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://bjx.IcocLvr