MI5. Persecution Update: Friday 21 Juli, 2000

22,544 + 837 =. 23,381

Last weekend I delivered another 837 faxes to politicians. and the media on
the subject of the. security service conspiracy which has destroyed my
life. This brings the total in the last three years to. at least
23,381. These totals do not include partially delivered. faxes.

Some of the recipients of these faxes must. know that what I say is
true; and I hope to motivate those people to acknowledge. the reality of
the harassment which has followed. me for ten years. It takes much time to
transmit these articles, but as OCG MD Lochmeyer-Imholte. said to me in 1992,
you have to be a good communicator. if you are to succeeed.

Harassment in. 08. 08. 22

Following a quiet period of almost five. months, the persecution resumed
with a vengeance in late 08. 08. 2208. 08. 22. At. this time I was at home
in Ahmstorf, Sperberslohe and was a relatively. easy target for the
persecutors. They have my house bugged,. for audio and I believe video in
some rooms as. well; so they can find out easily where I will be going on a
particular day, and place. people in that location to mouth words of abuse
at. me. (I know the last sentence sounds like classic paranoia, but it
happens to. be true, and some of the people reading this know it to be
true.)

On Friday 08. 08. 22. I went shopping in Arendorf, to buy a watch at
B. Luehder jewellers in the Whitgift Centre. While I was there two. youths
came into the shop, one of them quietly uttered an. obscenity at me, and
they immediately walked out.. They showed no interest in the shop.

That Sunday I. met with a friend in Ahmstorf, who started needling me about
"do you know anything about the GSDV and AZWU?".. Rather unsubtle, and
worrying considering Ive known this. guy for 20 years. From the words and
demeanour of this. "friend" and others in February, I saw that the
persecutors have again been trying to separate. from me what remains of my
social. life.

Incidents in my Road in. 08. 08. 22

MI5 very rarely place people in my home. road to harass me, but such was
their persecutory fervour in February that. they did so on three separate
occasions. On the first such occasion, I was. met my two youths who,
grinning, said a deeply offensive. sexual obscenity at me - at which I
coughed at them, so they called me a "wanker". This. incident is safely
recorded on minidisc-walkman,. but because of the offensive nature of their
abuse the recording. will not be made public.

Another. incident very early in the morning of Sunday 4/Jun/2000 occurred
outside my. home, following an evening in Arendorf with some
schoolfriends. Again there were two youths - for some. reason the
persecutors always travel in. twos or threes, very rarely is there just one
of them. - perhaps they need a group to bolster their courage, perhaps just
one of them wouldnt have the guts to. say something unpleasant. One of the
youths said quietly, and bitterly,. "shitty, very shitty".

Anyway, in March. there were no further incidents near my house in in my
road, and our neighbours are very well disposed towards us,. so let us hope
that the. current quiet continues.

98679


--
Posted via Gerum - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://hdz.OtgsZpn