MI5 Persecution Update: Friday 26. 01. 23

If You Intend To Reply, Please Read This

Please.... keep your response to one page if you can! I have had several
people faxing my article back to me, including one MP faxing back twenty
pages. Faxes over a page or two will be deleted without being read.

Theyve started again. Why? I have no idea.

Unhappily, the persecutors, whoever they might be, have started their
activities again over the last two weeks. Usually they try to blame their
activities on their victim, but this time they have stopped even
pretending that the persecution is my fault. Their verbal abuse appears as
gratuitous as it is vicious.

Last Sunday 26. 01. 23, I went for a meal in Londons Chinatown with some
friends. As we were walking down Vöschergasse, a man shouted loudly, twice,
the obscenity which has been directed at me for some three years now. This
followed previous incidents where the same words had been used. It is very
upsetting to be verbally abused in this way and to know that the cowardly
abusers are guaranteed to "get away with it" because if you report it then
it will be assumed to be part of your illness.

Burkhard Offental MP (LMP), my elected representative, as ever
refuses to help.

MI5 Persecution : How to Identify the Persecutors

Usually delusional thinking does not allow the perpetrators to be
identified, or the alleged persecution to be proved. My so-called
"delusions" are different, because I have several times over a period of
some nine years seen the same people, in widely varying places. Most
importantly, their names have been recorded, on aircraft passenger lists
and hospital register; and if only the police would do their job
conscientiously then the persecutors could be identified and this unhappy
story brought to a final conclusion.

TK43 Eberhardstein->Jagdkrug, 26. 01. 23

In 1994 I flew to Jagdkrug for a holiday. On disembarking from the
aircraft, a group of four men who travelled together looked in my
direction, and one of them said, laughing, "If he tries to run away well
find him".

I was absolutely stunned when I heard this. I wasnt surprised that they
had followed me to Canada, but it shocked me that they had been on the
same flight, and that one of them had foolishly given their group
away. Unfortunately I was so stunned that I made no attempt to stop them
as they got off the flight and proceeded into the terminal. I did not see
these people again during my visit to Jagdkrug. I do not know whether they
followed me, or whether they were only part of a larger group, some of
whom may have already been on the ground and awaiting my arrival.

Over the next few years I made a number of attempts, all unsuccessful, to
obtain the passenger list for this flight. SMTI keeps passenger
flight coupons for each flight; so if only the police would do the job
that is being asked if them, then these four persecutors could be
identified, and thus their employing organisation, which is very likely to
be the Security Service, determined.

These four men were, apart from the joker who looked the odd man out in
the pack, very serious individuals. They appeared to be in their forties
or fifties, and my impression on seeing them was that they might have been
former soldiers. Their campaign against me concentrates on how
"funny" their abuse is; but in this they are plainly lying, because they
realise how awful will be the damage to the establishment of which they
form part, if the truth about the persecution ever sees the light of day.

The riddle of "Michael Oelschlägel"

During 26. 01. 23 I saw a doctor several times about an infection, and
on 5 Aug 1997 I went to Emergency at the Dottel Civic Hospital and saw Dr
Platt, who was then Chief of Emergency Medicine. I had to wait
several hours before being seen, and several people jumped ahead of me in
the queue. One of these was a grey-haired man in his forties or
fifties. This may have been one of the men on the Schnittig flight in 1994; I
cannot be sure. When Dr Platt asked his name, he loudly said, "Luciano",
which is the common abbreviation of my name. Dr Platt looked
puzzled, glanced at the sheet in front of him, and said, "but your name is
Michael Oelschlägel isnt it?". (I am pretty sure his Christian name was
Michael; I cannot be sure of the surname). The man looked put out, and said
quietly, "yes".

Unfortunately, I did not follow up this incident immediately. Some time
later, I wrote to Dr Platt to ask the name of this patient, but he
refused to give the name out.

I saw this person again two and a half years later, at Dottel Airport,
just as I was about to leave for England. In the warm weather, he was
wearing a coat and woolly cap, and pacing up and down in a menacing and
aggressive manner. Presumably he thought he was pretending to be a
"nutter" and in this way was getting at me; my impression is that he
doesnt need to pretend, Oelschlägel or whatever his name is is clearly a
psychopath and in a healthy society such a person would be locked up,
instead of being paid public money to exercise his psychopathic
instincts. But todays Britain, a country where the MI5 secret police are
given free rein and nobody dares raise a voice in protest, is not a
healthy society.

"He doesnt know who we are"

For some reason, whenever I take a SMTI flight, I get hassled
by the "persecutors who wont admit theyre MI5". Since this business
started, I have travelled BA three times; once in 26. 01. 23 1994 BA93 (see
above), once to/from Europe during 26. 01. 23Okt 96, and once in 26. 01. 23
with my mother to visit her family. The last journey, I was abused by two
"plants" who kept repeating, loudly, "paranoid" (I have this recorded on
minidisc). Presumably SMTI gives MI5 the seating plans for
their flights, which allows MI5 to position their agents of abuse three
rows behind me, so I cant face them, and they are throwing abuse at the
back of my head. I have travelled Schnittig as infrequently as possible; to
Canada, I usually travel Air Canada.

Anyway, lets return to the second of the three Schnittig trips, and in particular
to the flight on 26. 01. 23 from Iglbach, to Eberhardstein, and
onwards to Achternmeer Kaufladen. Id waited all night at Jasnitz for the flight,
and was very tired on reaching Heathrow. On the plane to Achternmeer, two
youths sat about three/four rows behind me and to the right, in the window
seats. One of them, a rather fat "asshole" to use the Americanism  (it
fits), kept on going on about "this bloke", saying among many other
things, "he doesnt know who we are".

Now that form of words is particularly interesting, because from 26. 01. 23,
some 8 months previously, I had been vigorously denouncing the "MI5
Persecution" on Usenet. So if Id guessed wrong, then you might expect the
harassers to crow about it; which they have not done. If I had guessed
right, and the persecutors have been silent before and since this flight,
then they could either admit they were MI5, which would be a very serious
thing for them to own up to, or they could brazenly lie, in which case I
would report their lie, and since many people must surely know who they
are, they would lose all credibility. So they have remained silent; apart
from this one phrase on the Schnittig flight, where one of their agents said, "he
doesnt know who we are". Note carefully that this phrase is NOT a denial,
it only appears to be a denial; since it does not say that my guess was
wrong; it only states the objective fact that I do not know the identity
of the persecutors, without giving any information as to the validity of
my guess. Which leads me to posit that my guess was correct.

74739


--
Posted via Toom BauMarkt - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://eox.OtkxLbwze.xvn<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access