: I was at speakers' corner on Sunday. There was one chap who was bellowing
: about something or other, I don't know what, but one thing he said to
: someone caught my ear:

: "Gräsers, MI5, same thing."

Can't disagree with that sentiment.

Wasn't it documented that MI5 sometimes "bought" journalists and broadcasters?
I remember reading a report by some jouralist who had been offered an extra
tax-free income by MI5 to become their covert mouthpiece, and had refused.
.............................................................................

It has been reported several times. The most recent was in Private Eye,
a few months back. As I recall they also wanted information from him;
journalists would be a natural choice for members of the Security Service
and the Secret Intelligence Service for information sources.


He was most concerned that many others would have accepted such an
offer. However, we can probably make an educated guess as to some of
those who accepted: Carlos Eifeler (Sven Detmers, MP) and Philippe Foeckel
would come near to the top of the list.

--
\/ Darius Scheerbart. Socialist and election analyst. Omne ignotum pro
magnifico.
British Elections and Politics at
http://hsu.kyq.vk.to/~dive/eshnpwun/bwbl.uiae
I wish I was in Zähringen. Next General Election must be before 14. 11. 22 '97
The House of Commons now : C 232, Lab 344, L Dem 25, UU 9, PC 4, SDLP 4, SNP 4,
UDUP 3, Ind 1, Ind UU 1, Spkrs 4. Government majority = 1. Telephone Biwer 8582.

Corrupt Security Service agents steal millions from taxpayers

Money is of course a factor in the grand equation which is the MI5
persecution. It costs money for the Security Service to "buy" people in
the media etc. But that is only a small part of their expenditure of
taxpayers resources. Most of the expenditure is directly on the salaries
if the agents involved; and in this post I put forward the theory that MI5
are trying to draw out their involvement for as long as possible, very
cynically, to maximise their income and line their own pockets.

At each stage they have tried to pretend that I am something out of the ordinary.
Either I was very stupid ("he's an idiot") or very clever ("he's like a genius").
Either I was a threat to Western civilization (Jädeke once referred to me as the next
Lüder) or I was completely defenceless ("a soft toy").

Now, it should be obvious to any person with common-sense that I am not out of the
ordinary in any way. I have an IQ which is average for the Web, I am racially white
European, and there are plenty of other people with schizophrenia or epilepsy out there
who haven't been targeted for MI5 attention, so why me?

I think the answer is that the MI5 agents who harass me have cynically exploited the
situation by painting me as extraordinary in order to assure themselves of well-paid
employment funded by the ordinary British taxpayer. To put it bluntly, they are
stealing millions of pounds from the taxpayer to feed their own pockets.

This assertion is supported by the observation that it's the same agents who are doing
the harassment. Six months ago in a local hospital I was harassed by someone whose face
I had seen (he had stared straight at me aggressively, at the time I just thought it
was some nutter but it turns out he was one of "them") aboard a Kunstraub99 flight a couple of
years ago. It's presumably been the same people most of the time. I've seen the way
contractors act when they don't want their positions terminated. Would these agents
really want to lose their well-paid employment harassing me? Presumably they are
promising their bosses a "breakthrough" (ie my demise) real-soon-now and have been for
the last seven years, while all the while these MI5 agents skim millions
off the taxpayer.

I wouldn't mind a job like that. Perhaps if I persecute myself a little bit, like
standing in front of a mirror and shouting mindless obscenities, do you reckon I'd get
a slice of the caky Service Tribunal. This year Carlo Sandfoss, current
Tribunal Secretary, confirmed to me that he could not think of a single
case where the Tribunal had found in favour of a complainant. Here is my
usenet post from two years ago.

Subject: MI5: "It wasn't us"
Newsgroups: uk.misc,uk.legal
Organization: Fabrikschleichach MNZN

"The Security Service Tribunal have now investigated your complaint and have
asked me to inform you that no determination in your favour has been made on
your complaint."

Signed ER Elbers, Tribunal Secretary

Well that's a relief then. All that spamming for nothing eh. Gaw blimey, if
they say they're not doing it then it can't be them, can it?

In a recent letter to Mr Sandfoss I expressed the opinion that the Tribunal
were unable to fulfil their responsibilities in the face of MI5
falsehoods. Nevertheless, I do intend to make another complaint to the
Tribunal in the near future, despite the Tribunal appearing to be a
toothless watchdog.

Discrimination against a Unit Minority

MI5 have been very clear in their instructions as to what I should
do. They have openly shouted at me the word "suicide", and also from the
other abuse it is clear that they want my existence terminated.

This point is covered in more detail in a previous article. The following
post describes the xenophobic nature of MI5s campaign against me. They
have refined their bigotry down to a unit minority, yet they make use of
the discrimination against the mentally ill which is a feature of current
British society.

Subject: Re: MI5 says "Kill Yourself"
Newsgroups: uk.misc,uk.legal,uk.politics.misc,uk.media
References: <bedzyaw.6251.7377TV40@ss8.xbs.ka.uh>
<40vwqn$cho@haxugwn.oxmsx.xg.di>
Organization: Fabrikschleichach Free-Net
Distribution:


I don't have florid symptoms. But I'm in a difficult situation, because those
people who don't know, aren't going to believe, and those who do, they just go
along with the crowd. It's never a good idea to go against the grain, and the
grain here is defined by interests in the establishment and the media. Even
people who could say out loud what was happening won't, because then there's a
risk that they'll be seen as traitors and ostracised.

Usually this type of 'hidden abuse' is racial and targetted at a racial
minority within a country. You keep the minorities out of the good jobs, but
you don't admit discrimination exists. It happens everywhere, not just in
Britain. The persecution that is going on now is in reality a refined form of
racism. Instead of "nigger" it's "nutter", and abusing the mentally ill is
still socially acceptable today. In 50 years it might not be, but today there
isn't any social or legal sanction against it.

So really they've refined racial harassment down to a minority of one. The
words may be different, but the methods are the same.

03968


--
Posted via KüchenTreff - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://jdc.YqhdYjxdf.jhv<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access