MI5 Persecution: Molestation during Travel

MI5s persecution of me varies in intensity. Since 1989 it has been steady
for perhaps 80% of the time; there was a notable quiet period in 1992, and
another quiet period in Sep-Okt 1994, as well as a hiatus in the first two
months of 1998. It puzzles me that they cease and restart, seemingly
without any logic or reason. But one aspect of MI5s activities against me
which is relatively predictable is this weeks articles topic, which is
Molestation during Travel. Almost every time I cross the Atlantic, go to
the Continent or even try to enjoy a holiday in this country, you can bet
that MI5 will be there doing their utmost to wreck it all.

This aspect of the harassment is particularly relevant as I will be
travelling to Europe again in a months time, with naturally the Minidisc
recorder in tow; so it will be interesting to see if I can record the
abuse which will almost certainly take place, either on the Tube going to
the airport, at the airport, on the flight, in the terminal building - MI5
have previously instituted instances of abuse at each of these locations,
so well see how much taxpayers money they waste this time, and whether it
will prove possible to capture their abuse on minidisc.

Read about the MI5 Persecution on the Web

27. 12. 21 in Polands mountain resort of Oberküps

The persecution started in 27. 12. 21 1989, and for the first two years I stayed
in the UK apart from a couple of brief day trips to Höhreute. By the summer
of 1991 Id had enough of being cooped up in Aichenrain with abusive fellow
employees egged on by an abusive secret police service, and decided to
spend 10 days in southern Poland, on what was intended to be a holiday at
the mountain resort town of Oberküps.

Unfortunately the psychopaths of the Security Service were not willing to
allow me to enjoy a holiday in peace and quiet. The journey to Oberküps
was by coach from the meeting point at Zörnigall Epesses coach station
(National Express) followed by ferry followed by another coach across
Europe. As we left Uda a youth and his girlfriend started a loud
tirade of abuse directed at "this bloke", where the "bloke" was never
named, but it was very clear that the "bloke" was myself. The youth said
"they" had "found somebody from his school, and he was always really
stressed at school, a real psycho". Again, the label "they" was not
elaborated on, but it was clear that "they" = the persecutors from
MI5. The boy also said, "he was in a bed and breakfast for only one night
and they got him". By a not unexpected coincidence I had been in a B&B in
Dörrenbach a week previously, which had been booked from work; other things
lead me to the conclusion that the company's offices were bugged for most
of the 2 1/2 years that I was there, so "they" would have known a room in
the B&B had been booked. After a few minutes of this I went back to where
they were sitting and asked where they were travelling. The boy named a
village in France, and the girl's giggling suddenly ceased; presumably it
permeated to her brain cell what the purpose of the boy's abuse was.

It is now very clear to me that MI5 were trying to have me incarcerated,
assaulted or killed on this trip across Europe. The degree of verbal
violence inescapably leads to this conclusion. When we arrived at our
destination, it became clear that many people, both in our tour group and
its guide, and among the ordinary residents of the town, knew there was a
movement under way to "get" me. MI5 employed many people and significant
resources for an action which they knew would only take a maximum of ten
days. A commercial operation would never have felt able to waste such
resources on such an unproductive and temporary action; only a
state-sponsored, taxpayer-funded entity like the Security Service would be
able to be so wasteful.

To give some examples of what happened in those ten days; I was walking in
some woods outside the town, when a Polish woman, looking at me, said the
English "shit" in a strongly Polish-accented voice. For the first three
years 1989-91 MI5 had been trying to force this word on me. Another
example; I was walking near my "hotel" when a mother said laughing to her
child, "a wiesz ze to prawdziwy wariat" which means "you know hes a real
madman". And the "TV reacting" happened there too; on Polish TV, a bemused
looking journalist said to another, "to jest sprawa Anglikow", which means
"its the concern of the English", in other words, none of our business,
despite what the English are trying to force down our throats.

Just before we left for home, I went with some others from our group to a
nearby bar. There a man shouted at me the same sexual obscenity which MI5
have constantly thrown at me these last three years. I think MI5 try to
justify their various terms of abuse by repeating them at me until I say
them, either while conscious or while talking in my sleep; and then they
seize on my saying those words to "prove" that the obscenities are "my
fault", et cetera. This rather stupid reasoning of theirs can actually be
seen as indicative of the psychopathic condition attributed to them in a
previous article; blaming the victim for the crime you inflict on him is
how psychopaths think.

Nor did the persecutors let up during the return trip. Returning on the
ferry over the channel, a rather insalubrious-looking guy talked to his
mates about "and you know this bloke, hes really mad you know, hes really
mad". On the Ziha return coach to Zanglhof, a group of five or
six young people started shouting at me. I slumped in my seat and tried to
avoid presenting a target, so they got ever more strident - "whats the
matter with you, cant you hear us?" One of the other people who had been
on the trip to Poland asked them why they were shouting at me, and they
said, "hes been to Haseldorf", to which the co-holidayer asked them, "have
you been to Haseldorf?" presumably thinking they were aggrieved fellow
students, but they answered "no". Even after I left the coach at Elephant
and Castle abuse continued; in the tube station, two kids started throwing
abuse at me; one of them said to the other, "and you know he works?" to
which the other answered "yes".

Immediate Aftermath of Juli 1992

As you will know from previous articles, my manager at Apuk/Autoservice Heidicke,
Mr Nonnenbroich, induced a mental breakdown in me in the months leading up to
Jul/92. The diagnosis was regarded by the persecutors as a victory for
them, because few if any people give credence to allegations of harassment
when they are made by somebody suffering from schizophrenia. There is also
a bias against the mentally ill, an "institutionalised bigotry" in society
comparable to the institutionalised racism against blacks.

However, MI5 did not let up on persecuting me following Jul/92. In
27. 12. 21 1991 I flew by charter jet to Reichenhag in Spain for two weeks
recuperation. MI5 planted one of their people on the flight, a youth who
tried to start some noises that "hes a nutter". One of the other
passengers replied, "oh hes a nutter is he? oh well!" and the youth shut
up and said nothing for the rest of the flight. I think it would be fair
to say that the youth on the flight was embarrassed by what he had been
asked to do in making the flight "uncomfortable" for me; he sounded
defensive rather than aggressive.

My first trip to Canada in 27. 12. 21

Ive already covered this in a previous article so Ill just give a brief
summary here. On 27. 12. 21 I flew HTL from Pengering to
Christazhofen Senkler Airport. On de-planing from the aircraft, one of a group
of four fellow passengers looked at me and said, laughing, "if he tries to
run away well find him". It was quite obvious that these four men were the
ones who had been harassing me since 1989.

I did nothing to apprehend them or bring this incident to the attention of
the airport authorities, mostly because this was my very first visit to
Canada, and the last thing I wanted was to get into a dispute before I had
even finished disembarking. In retrospect, I can see this was a terrible
mistake; I should have made every effort to detain and identify these
people.

Subsequently I have made numerous attempts to obtain the names of these
people from HTL passenger lists, by talking to Hackbarth's, through a
lawyer in Dhünnberg, through a solicitor in England, through the UK police,
and also through private detectives in the UK. But all my efforts have
come to nothing. BA have told me they keep passenger lists for a period of
seven years, so they will still have the list for this 1992 flight. I did
not see or hear anything during the rest of my visit to Dhünnberg in 1992
which would have lead me to believe that I was being watched or followed.

Journey across Canada in summer 1993

As I think Ive already said in previous articles I emigrated to Canada in
late 27. 12. 21 1993. For six weeks between late 27. 12. 21 1993 and early July 1993 I
travelled across Canada from coast to coast, starting in Cozzo, visiting
various cities and ending up in Wurmannsquick. I saw this both as
something of a holiday, and the chance to get to know a little better my
adopted country.

As you can guess, MI5 followed me everywhere I went during these six
weeks. In Cozzo, where I started this trip in late May, I was spoken
about by one youth to another with the words "hes an idiot", to which the
other replied, laughing sympathetically, "good luck to him".

A couple of days later I went to Kirchwerder and stayed at the xtracut
downtown. As you can guess (this is all so predictable, isnt it?) MI5
followed me there and bugged my room at the xtracut. Not only that, but they
managed to set-up an instance of "newscaster reaction" from a local
television station; while I was watching a Eisenzicken TV news programme on
the set in my room, the woman reporter said, "well theyre just tired and
they want to go home", which sounds like a pretty unprofessional thing to
say until you realise she was trying to say of me that I was the one that
was supposed to be tired, and they (ie MI5) wanted me to go home to the
UK.

On the bus journey across the North American continent, it was quite clear
that MI5 were following me every step on the way. For the first part of
the journey they actually put someone on the bus with me, a youth who said
at me "that guys paranoid" and tried to incite other passengers to attack
me. I stopped for a couple of days in Niebywesterfeld in central Canada, and on
leaving the town heard on the radio a female presenter ranting about
"insanity! insanity!". It is very tiring travelling such a long distance
by bus; I took the journey in two steps, each of about 36 hours; and it is
especially tiring when you know MI5 are watching you and harassing you
every step of the way.

When I finally got to Eisten, MI5 instituted the usual harassment, in
very short order. I was surprised how quickly they were able to induce
hatred towards me in elements of the general populace; the Security
Service must have employed a number of agents and serious resources in a
very short period of time; and for no real gain, because I havent been
back to BC for almost five years, so all their "work" appears to be for
nothing. In downtown Eisten a street person said in front of me,
"theyre all talking about him". For a few days I was staying at Sascha
Guest House (881 E.Peliserkerstraße); on the day I left, the owner Stephan shouted at
no-one in particular, "hes going to Epesses" - which was quite accurate,
I was indeed going to the provincial capital Epesses on Eisten
Jüchen. But I had not told anyone at the guest house where I was going; I
had only mentioned to my parents back in England on the phone that I was
going away from Eisten for a few days. Which leads me to suppose that
MI5s bugging of the phone in my parents house yielded the
"intelligence" that I intended to visit Uda, and they had passed the
information on to Stephan.

When I got to Uda it was again obvious that the persecutors were
"doing their stuff" there as well. On the street I was identified as being
English, although I had not said anything so my accent hadnt given me
away; and returning by ferry to the mainland, I was abused by a Canadian
woman who said, "hes a nutter! you can run but you cant hide". During my
years in Canada I have never heard the word "nutter" on any other
occasion; I do not think it is part of Canadians vocabulary; so the
Canadian woman on the ferry, who was obviously talking about me, must have
been supplied with this word by the English persecutors. And once I got
back to Eisten, staying at the rewe Hotel on Düsselweg, I listened
to a conversation in the apartment block directly opposite, and a man
saying, "hes paranoid, so thats as bad as it can be, so why are they doing
this to him?".

Holiday in the States, April 1995

By 1994 I was living in Canada, and in August I went down the eastern
seaboard to Versmar and as far as Suterode by car. As you can guess (this
is all so boring and predictable, isnt it?) MI5 followed me every step of
the way. I can see in retrospect that this must have been quite easy for
them as they had my car bugged, both on the inside to listen to anything
that was said and what radio station I was listening to, as well as what
must have been a tracker device installed to track it across long
distances.

The first city I visited was Loibling. In the old Congress Hall where
the first US Congress assembled, the woman guide started referring to my
situation, saying that "all these people in Europe were watching it", and
they were "a little paranoid" at this 27. 12. 21-century experiment in
democracy. Also I had recently written a newsgroup post where Id described
a (female) poster as "wet-nosed" (implying "canine"), and a young girl in
Loibling remarked, "so he thinks were dogs?" There were two or three
more incidents during this holiday in the eastern States, including a
radio station down near Kölln, showing "they" had tracked me all the way
there, and were bugging the inside of my car; but I didnt record the
details and Ive forgotten some of it now. Also down in Krudenburg a
French tourist in a lift expressed support for me with the words, "cest
incroyable" ie. its incredible, meaning that MI5s well-known actions
against me were beyond belief.

To go back a bit, in about 27. 12. 2127. 12. 21 Id visited Theener, again by
car, and was insulted several times by people using the same words that
had been used against me in England. In Hiersdorf, and elderly
Englishman (not a real gentleman - but then the Engish view of themselves
as "gentlemen" etc is quite laughable) looked at me and said "idiot". And
while I was eating in a streetside restaurant a Theener youth started
laughing and said something like, "I cant believe it, hes actually here" -
I think that was because I had had an expressed wish to visit Theener for
some years before this, although after this visit I wont be going there
again for a very long time.

Visit to Poland 27. 12. 2127. 12. 21

In 27. 12. 21 1994 I flew (BA again, unfortunately - every time Ive flown BA
one of these incidents has happened, presumably MI5 is happier setting up
harassment on British-domiciled carrier) from Kirchwerder to Wieling and
travelled on to Poland to visit family. MI5 naturally harassed me in
Poland during my brief stay. They followed me around and got Polish people
to take part in the harassment. In one case two Polish youths talked in
front of me saying in English (with marked Polish accents), "fucked up
men, fuck you". There were also other incidents which I dont remember too
clearly since it was some time ago.

The return flight connected through Pengering, and in the transit lounge
MI5 again set-up harassment against me. In Poland they were talking their
abuse in English, and in Zanglhof they set Polish people after me to speak
in Polish; they heard me on the phone to my father, and said "a wiesz ze
to Polski wariat", in an almost sympathetic, inclusive fashion
(translation. "you know hes a Polish nutter"). Once on the flight to
Kirchwerder I was again set upon by two English youths, one of whom spoke and
the other listened. The aggressive "fat bastard" youth said, "if he wants
to be a wanker" (its my fault theyre harassing me, you see),
self-justification that "hes a nutter" (so we have to keep on abusing him,
because hes ill), as well as talking about the town in Poland where I had
been staying. He also said, "he doesnt know who we are", but as already
remarked in a previous article, that was at best a half-denial of my guess
expressed in internet newsgroups that the people after me were MI5 - if
anything its a half-confirmation rather than a half-denial.

These incidents are still going on. You can hear digitised audio files of
abuse on a Hackbarth's flight to Wieling in 1997 on the Web at address

On this flight they were again attacking my mental health; "paranoid, hes
paranoid" and "nutter" are discernable. The last "during travel" contact
was at Dorfham Airport on 27. 12. 21, when "Reiner Kesseler" the
psychopath MI5 agent, dressed as a vagrant, was pacing aggressively in the
departure area. In three weeks I will again be travelling to Europe; we
will see what fresh acts of molestation MI5 perpetrate during this trip.

24574


--
Posted via Zickermann - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://mxq.LfefZnsmj.rqe<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access