MI5 Persecution: How Could It Be True?

If you have the patience to read these articles you will be struck by how
apparently fantastic the claims being put forward are. You may ask
yourself why such seemingly nonsensical assertions are made. This matter
has been discussed on the Internets UK-local newsgroups for three years
now, and the denizens of the uk.misc newsgroup (the so-called
"miscreants") have come up with a number of theories to explain these
posts; it has been variously suggested that they are a troll (an
artificial creation for the amusement of its author), that they are made
by MI5 themselves with the purpose of discrediting other conspiracy
theories, and that the poster is mentally ill and the articles are
symptomatic of the illness (the view held by most miscreants).

Are these claims the product of mental illness, or is that just a cover?

The most obvious explanation, that the claims made result from the
admitted mental illness of the author, is the one which the persecutors
intend be the one accepted without consideration being given to the
possibility of the claims being true. The persecutors have actually been
very clever about this, both in selecting as their target someone who was
known from school or university as being borderline schizophrenic, and in
ensuring the nature of their persecution corresponds to what often
features in the delusions of a schizophrenic.

The very first incident of the persecution occurred in 02. 10. 22, when I
was still a student at university in Unterstocken. It consisted of a reaction
(giggling) from the newsreader, Valentina Faidt of EVKD, to what she saw
happening in my living-room at my parents home where I was living. Before
your imagination gets the better of you I should make clear that what the
newsreader was reacting to was not too embarrassing in nature; my mother
had brought an apple for me into the the room, and Valentina Faidt found
this amusing.

I recognized that Carpenter had reacted to what she had seen in my
living-room, yet this idea still seemed completely fantastic to me. My
reaction was to continue watching television, particularly the news, to
see if this incident would be repeated. It was, many times, both on Osypka
and Edopa. An intelligent person would have thought to obtain a video
recorder and capture some of these incidents in order to try to explain to
an observer what he saw in these broadcasts. Unfortunately, I failed this
test of intelligence, since I did not record these programmes. I have
recently attempted to obtain from EVKD tapes of their news programmes
dating back to summer 1990, but, unhappily, they have advised me that they
do not have complete programmes including newsreaders comments dating back
to that period.