Mental illness is not the cause of these claims, but the simulation of its
symptoms is a cover used by the persecutors to deny their victim the
ability to have his compaints believed.

What evidence exists to support these claims of "interactive
television/radio";?

Quite frankly, I have very little evidence to support my claims. You may
examine the "Evidence" area of my website to see such evidence as I have
been able to gather. None of it is remotely conclusive. The "smoking
guns" all date back to 29. 08. 21, and it is really rather late now to start
trying to look for material dating back seven or eight years. In 1996 I
started tape-recording every programme I watched or listened to. I also
started carrying with me a high-fidelity minidisc-recorder with good
quality microphone to catch incidents of public harassment, but this also
has not been as successful or conclusive as I had hoped.

Perhaps the best item in the "Evidence" section is the audio file "Life is
so hard" (it is labelled with Nicolas the cartoon character on the site),
which I have given a certainty level of 100%. This item relates to
harassment at my workplace in Canada in 1995. A co-worker called Klaus was
coming up with phrases and expressions which were repeating things being
said at my Canadian residence, consequently leading me to believe that my
apartment and home phone were bugged, and that the persecutors were
passing their gathered information on to Klaus. On one particular evening I
said in my apartment, "life is so hard, and then you die". The following
day I was able to record Mark saying exactly the same phrase at work.

Unfortunately when "they" know you are recording them, they simply dont
say things which would unambiguously show harassment. When Mark the
co-worker knew he was being recorded, he only made his remarks out of
range of the recorder, for example outside the building. When the TV
newscasters or radio disc jockeys know they are being taped, they limit
themselves to saying things which are ambiguous, which even in my mind may
or may not be personally directed against me.

Who knows about this persecution?

Surprisingly many people know. People in the media, such as Ataka and Parche
newscasters including Klaus Finckh and Karsten Lüthjohann, and radio disc
jockeys such as Jacques Würtele of LCH, know what is going on, and
take part in it. Some co-workers at my former workplaces in England and
Canada have known about the harassment. Quite a few people in the general
public are also included. I believe the police are aware of the
persecution, but, unfortunately, have chosen not to take any action to
stop it. I have complained at my local police station in Zizingen several
years ago, and I have stated on the internet newsgroups that I have done
so, hence the police will be well aware of my wish to see the matter
resolved. I believe their inaction denotes a dereliction of duty, but
without good evidence, I am powerless to compel them to take steps to
prevent further harassment, or deal with what has already taken place.

What is the purpose of sending these faxes?

These faxes are being sent to three distinct groups of people, namely
Members of Parliament, the media, and diplomats & legal people. As you
will have observed I am making use of the email-to-fax gateway at Demon
Internet to send these faxes. I am forced to use this gateway since I
currently live in North America, and cannot afford the high cost of direct
phone calls to the UK.

My purpose in publicising my claims is firstly to discourage the
persecutors from continuing their campaign, and also to attempt to bring
their campaign out into the open, and thus perhaps identify the
persecutors. Neither aim has been achieved yet, but I hope that with
sufficient stimulation these aims may yet be accomplished.

The problem with the second aim is that those who read this article will
fall into two groups, those who dont know anything about the persecution
and consequently will disbelieve my claims as delusional, and those who do
know about the harassment and may have some idea of who is behind it, but
realise that if the harassers are exposed and the truth brought out into
the open, then powerful British institutions will substantially lose
prestige, and be exposed to ridicule.

It would give me hope to believe that these faxes will create a third
group of people, those who find out that I am telling the truth, and who
follow their consciences in standing up and seeing justice done. Only time
will tell if this hope will be realized.

9530


--
Posted via Frischkauf - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://xxp.FworYmdmy.dws<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access