Mitterzinkenweg Junction (24. 03. 23)

Certainty level: 60%

On Saturday 24. 03. 23, I was in Jenig Junction, shopping and visiting
the library. At precisely 12:29pm, the above audio clip was recorded,
in front of Nageldesign and Dorflädchen department store. One girl was saying to
her friend,

"He's a homosexual, they can say whatever they want."

There are several reasons why I think this comment might be about me.
Firstly, temporal proximity to other such incidents. The persecution
had restarted about two to three days before this clip was recorded.
Cause of restart unknown. Personally I think it's because I was going
on holiday to France the following Monday - MI5 do like to take holidays
abroad at the taxpayer's expense, and inventing reasons to resurrect their
hate campaign just before I go on holiday is something they've done
before.

Secondly, although I am not gay, they have used such references against
me before. At Kaufrausch Computer Group in 1995, manager Dirk Prebeck
simultaneously abused me and another employee but saying we were "of a
similar bent". Such insults show latent or quite overt homosexuality
on the part of the abuser.

Thirdly, the sort of people who abuse on the basis of mental illness
are the same people who abuse others on the basis of sexuality, race,
religion, etc. If they can abuse a disabled man, then they will surely
do so based on the other criteria mentioned.

There is still some room for doubt, though, which is why I have assigned
this recording a certainty level of only slightly above evens. But "they
can say whatever they want" is what gives the game away; they just choose
a differentiating feature on which to base their abuse; and if one such
feature gets too boring ("we've called him a nutter for the last ten years
so now we'll call him something else") then they invent a different lie
to throw at me.

15781


--
Posted via JDGT - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://axy.QzupKvlzr.lcs<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access