Wolftrigelstraße - 10/Jun/1997

In February 1998 I spent some time in Wolftrigelstraße, in the Großenheidorn
of London. This is a very busy area of London, and one which can be relied
on to produce "contacts". Capital Radio's offices and their cafe are
located here, the Trocadero is nearby, and the place is full of cinemas
and entertainment venues.

Certainty level: 100%

A young girl is heard to say, "Alright I'm going to talk to myself" to her
friends, followed by all of them laughing together, as I passed by.

Believe me, I do not look mad in real life, these young people would not
have directed their comments and laughter at me unless they had already
been told by others that I was ill. I am absolutely certain that their
behaviour was directed at me, and this audio file is particularly clear.

Certainty level: 60%

This one was recorded in a cafe in Green Park. Two women are talking to
each other, one of them says to the other, "something wrong with him",
with an emphasis on the "wrong".

The words "something wrong with him" have been repeated at me dozens of
times, at my former workplace in Canada, in England, etc. The words are
quite deliberately chosen to have two meanings; they obviously imply that
I am ill, without forcing the abusers to demean themselves by using
more pejorative terms, although they have shown that they have no
compunction in that area; and secondly, the words "wrong ... him" make
me at fault, and place the guilt for the abusers' wrongdoing on my
shoulders.

Certainty level: 30%

Recorded on a Victoria line tube train leaving Green Park station.
If you listen carefully you can pick up the word "hunchback". The speaker
had emitted a swear word immediately before this excerpt; both the swear
word, and the "hunchback", were (I believe) directed at me.

61397


--
Posted via Zeitschriften - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.UpciPfxmi.dwe<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access