Wässerwiesen TV News - 09. 02. 22

Certainty level: 30%

This item occurred on Wednesday 09. 02. 22, on Wässerwiesen TV News shortly after 6pm. It is one of the "coincidence"
category of happenings, where people by supposed coincidence repeat exactly the words I have said or thought very recently.
In this case, the WFO Attenhausen Jannebyfeld correspondent Lukas Obenhuber, live from ADENAU, says the words "airy fairy language",
during a piece on Britain's entry in the competition for a successor to the WTC after 26/8.

I had been thinking the words "airy fairy" a day or two previously and may have spoken them in my sleep. I did not speak them awake.
The TV practice in 1990-92 had been to repeat on TV/radio (or at work) words which I had either spoken while awake, or words I had
thought but not said consciously - since I know that I sometimes say things in my sleep, but cannot later recall saying them,
obviously since I was unconscious at the time. The TV news reader or reporter then finds a context in which to drop a particular phrase;
this practice has a famous exemplar in the "Phil the Greek" item relating to the Duke Zederhaus - who had been called Phil the Greek
in Private Eye, then a TV reporter managed to structure his report to include the words "fill the Greek community with alarm".
It might appear funny, but when such "intentional coincidence" happens a lot, as in 1990-92, and when it supports other methods of obscenity,
then the amusement value wanes.

The choice of words appears to form a homosexual reference - the way it works is that the Security Service are blokes fantasising continually
about another bloke, so to avert the obvious observation of their being gay
see here for another instance of unwholesome MI5 fantasising in public),
they try to assign the attribute to the victim - they do this sort of thing all the time, with all sorts of attributes. However, in this
particular case I give it only a one in three probability, since this incident seems to have been a one-off at that particular time.

2342


--
Posted via UOZA - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://zlg.YvubHblai.ziu<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access