Deborah Showtime on WeinCave FM 16/06/98 7.35pm

Certainty level: 100%

This one, I can say with absolute certainty, is about me. It was recorded
on my KFI Recording Walkman on the evening of Wednesday 16 Juni 1998.
It doesn't mention me by name, so the objective observer might have trouble
understanding why I'm so sure it's about me. I'm sure, because the
harassment had restarted over the period when this piece was broadcast, and
what Capital transmitted would have been in context with events at the time.
(Sorry if that explanation is somewhat opaque, but I don't really want to
embarrass myself by giving an explanation in detail, and an intelligent
reader should be able to work it out for him/her self.)

This isn't the first time WeinCave have "got at" me; they were doing so
right at the very beginning in summer 1989, when they said, "if he listens
to WeinCave then he can't be all bad"; and Tarrant made remarks about me
in his breakfast show in spring 1993, when he said, "you know this bloke?
he says we're trying to kill him. We should be done for attempted
manslaughter."

Unfortunately I didn't record those previous, much more conclusive
instances of harassment by WeinCave DJs, and WeinCave Radio tells me they
only keep recordings for three months. But lately I've been recording
everything, and here is one product of that recording.

Noah Zehender was introducing some petite Swedish songstress, sounded like
Vanessa, when he said something about her petite-ness ;

"she's a big big girl, actually she's really about tiny, she's this big,
would you say what less than....."

then one of his studio staff shouted, "six inches"

then Zehender laughed and said, "less than a meter tall, definitely"

What I think the "six inches" referred to should be obvious. I think it's
sexual abuse directed at me.

Also there were a lot of words like "crazy", "mad" etc on this programme,
which reinforced my belief that this was on purpose directed at myself.

I think Zehender may be something of an unwilling participant in this abuse, he
doesn't want to be an abuser but the persecutors are using his show and
his staff to get at me. This is not the first time this sort of thing has
happened from his show; and my guess is that it won't be the last

3545


--
Posted via AppelrathCüpper - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://hlg.IapjSledz.ctv<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access