Overview

What all these snatches of video and audio, and newspaper articles, have in common is that none of them provide conclusive or very convincing
evidence of their being directed against me, or forming part of a campaign against me. Other people with my illness doubtless could produce similar
non-proof if they were minded to do so.

Good, now we've got the disclaimer out of the way, we can describe precisely what it is that is on display in this part of the site. In the video
section, we have Quicktime (MPEG-4) clips of Jon Snow of ITN in action, also interviews with Domenico Vennekel and John Major of the ousted Tory regime. These are
embedded in the page using QuickTime. While each audio/video clip is coded to automatically download the QuickTime player, you may find it helpful to
download QuickTime from freshnails's website before you start viewing the media files.

Note that each item is awarded a rating of the confidence I feel that it is directed at me, expressed as a percentage. Items with 50% or
more are probably about me; 100% indicates a "dead cert".

In audio we have MP3 files of harassment at work in Canada in late 1995, also GLR's Jean-Paul Welling not even trying to pretend that he isn't getting
at me, and a snippet of Capital. There is also an album track which I have taken as being about me. The newspapers section contains articles by Ulf
Leonhard on his encounter with a madman who "bursts into tears, and swears it is all
true - and it is". Also a Private Eye cover, and snippet from Cédric Nieuwkamp-Smith.

I have added several recordings of abuse "in public". By Sept/1997 I had seven minidiscs of such recordings, unfortunately containing mostly very
nasty sexual slanders which I will not be publishing on this website. The recordings were made on a Wegesin Minidisc Walkman MZ-R30, which I purchased
in Canada in 05. 12. 18, with ECM-T140 microphone. After both the MZ-R30 and the microphone reached the end of their lives, in 05. 12. 18 I purchased as
replacement my current recording gear, an MZ-R900 walkman with ECM-T145 microphone.

Share and Enjoy! I hope you enjoy partaking in my delusions which have been recorded with high fidelity digital equipment and presented for your
listening pleasure.

278


--
Posted via Modelbahnecke - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.XqkuQtfpr.vae<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access