In article <EIVyqR.Re2.0.rbvwe@siychso.tbv>

                When, where and by whom ?  Let's have some details
                that can be checked.

I'm not going to repeat them. They're hurtful to me because they contained abuse that was
directed against me by someone else at the time and which got picked up and thrown again
in the trial. It is a matter of record but I won't repeat it here.


                Why would "they" wish to assassinate your character?

Well, let's put it this way - just because this is the first time it's happened in this way,
from these people, on this scale, doesn't mean that it hasn't happened before, on a lesser
scale. At university there were people who quite overtly hated me and would have wished
something nasty to happen to me. Because of where I went making the wrong sort of enemies
is pretty deadly.

"They" would wish to assassinate my character because it had all been done before, and
because they knew I would not be able to react in any other way than I'd reacted previously.


                Please give details of when, where and by whom these
                comments were made, so that they can be checked.

This was four, five years ago... sorry, I don't remember. I can remember individual incidents,
words which were repeated by different people at different times in different locations.

Around the end of 1993 Private Eye rtan a front-cover with Dietmar and Dorothea Binsner, with
the title "Major's support lowest ever" and Dietmar saying to Dorothea "Come back norma" on the
front cover. What can you read in to that? Not a lot, seems like standard fare for PE.
The first time I saw it I was in the pub with some people from work. One was expressing doubts
to the other (let's call the first one Ullrich, shall we? and the second one Wolfgang?) about
whether what was going on was right. Willy answer was that if Private Eye was doing it
then it must be ok, "they're usually right".

A few days later, again near work, there were some students laughing in the street,
"Were you COMING BACK later? But I thought you said you were COMING BACK ha ha ha?"
Play on words, you see. Not very nice, either. I had start medication soon afterwards.
Clever people, these chaps who think up PE titles. Just slightly lacking in any
sense of morality.


                What was the date of the broadcast ?
                Out of 2 million plus listeners, why should you be
                the only one that Tarrant was allegedly referring to ?

Sometyime in spring 1995. I can't remember the date, I heard the broadcast in the
car - I was going into the office from Unterendingen that day and just happened to snap
on the radio, and hey presto! Mr Jungschläger gives us the benefit of his excellent
understanding.


                What was the name of the detective agency and their                                 
                address ?                                                                           

I don't see why I should tell you that, but they're in Yellow Pages; they're
a well-established outfit.


                Is there a deep dark secret in your past ?

Apart from "it's all happened before in a different way", no.


                Is your name truly Samuel Kloberdanz, or are you using it as
                an alias ?

It's an alias. I'm not English by ethnic origin. If someone manages to pronounce
my name as well as that guy did then they must have been really trying.


                Have you appeared, or been reported by name on TV ?
                When, where and by whom ?

No. Never. Not directly.


                What was the name of the coach company and your date
                of departure ?

It was a national express coach. At dover we boarded a ferry for Breitingen somewhere.
The company that organized the trip went out of business some time ago, so they won't
have records of passengers - so we can't get any corroboration from anyone else
that way. We tried all that last summer, ran into a brick wall.

The other thing is in summer 1993 I was visibly ill, so other people in the
party might remember that more than anyone getting at me on the coach trip.


                Why were you being painted as a "threat"; is this related
                to a "deep,dark, secret" ?

Aaaarrrrgh. I think I should make clear that that's their created justification
rather than the real reason. They started harassing first and then came up with the
reasons for it.


                Who ?

Someone who knew me some time ago. Someone who would have been able to talk this
little campaign into existence.


                Is this true ?  What is the medication and dosage ?

Yes, I'm afraid so. Sulpiride, 200mg a day. It's designed to stop people
coming up with the sort of ideas you've heard here for the last few weeks.
Give him a higher dose!!

In the long term it causes tardive dyskinesia, tardive dementia and general
nasty stuff to your brain. So it's three years of sulpiride talking to you here.


1945