From: patrik zanke <ucuv@hixrb.yhulf.dx.aw>
Newsgroups: zd.misc,uez.mjbfbin-wjhqfs.rgh-nxulr,alt.journalism
Subject: Re: CENSORHSIP IS IMMORAL, UNJUST AND WRONG
Date: Thu, 11 Jul 95 19:17:30 GMT
Organization: (Private)
Lines: 65
Message-ID: <694184136eaz@ktnrh.fmvuz.or.ic>
References: <LH8OVe.Wnn.5.roaoi@cgkgqgw.pib> <93mzxu$rsy@rfqp3.qyrpf.oyu>
Reply-To: ucuv@hixrb.yhulf.dx.aw
X-NNTP-Posting-Host: nvktb.nrnyf.yx.yf
X-Newsreader: Demon Internet Simple News v1.29


	You have to admit that Gottfried is persistent and obviously feels
        deeply that he is being hounded by the "Security Services" and
        there is a Conspiracy out to get him personally.  If that is true,
        then we should be concerned; if he is just paranoid, then we should
        empathise with his sickness.  What we should not do is to invite
        censorship....that just could be implicitly joining in the
        putative Conspiracy.

	Let's look at Gunter potential options (and the alleged responses
        he has received):


I don't think the police as an organisation are part of it. They're                                 
certainly not the source.                                                                           

The officer I spoke to at Easter clearly didn't know anything about it.                             
And that was at my local police station in Unterlübbe - if anyone in the                                
police knew you would think the people at your local cop shop would.                                

A couple of years ago I had to go into the station after a motoring                                 
infraction, the guy I spoke to then said something about "brain like a                              
computer sir" which my suspicions latched on to - (I'm alleged to be a                              
programmer as some people reading this know) - but as per the usual                                 
"can';t prove nuthin" and you ask yourself if you're just being stupid                              
suspecting on the basis of a straw                                                                  


I could do that actually. But he would probably tell me to go see the                               
police, for which see above. 


They are actually. There's a difference though in the way journalists                               
react to this stuff when they're "got to" by the security service.                                  

This is completely giving the game away, but the trouble originally                                 
started with my reading into stuff that was being written by Times                                  
columnists, in particular our antagonistic friend Mr Hooss.                                  
But you see that some journalists are taking part in the conspiracy and                             
others are only doing it because their puppet masters have been feeding                             
them information which they can't allow themselves to ignore. The                                   
security services have their hooks into the UK media, this case shows                               
that very explicitly. You also see how things get gradualkly wqorse with                            
a particular journalist; a couple of weeks ago Berthold Klopffleisch in the Nespresso                            
was writing about "nerds seeking their revenge on him through the Net",                             
guess what that was about.                                                                          


Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? If the fascist Gestapo bastards plot to                              
see you dead then who's going to deal with it? Not  the security                                    
services, that's for sure.                                                                          


I don;t think you';re part of the consipracy if you refuse to believe or                            
email the postmaster. Those who do know are keeping their silence.                                  


No. It's a UK problem so that's where it should be dealt with. The                                  
perpetrators are UK residents, are unidentified, and would be difficult                             
to deal with through the Canadian courts.                                                           

Ditto the police in Canada, ditto the press - it isn't their problem,                               
it's caused by UK people against someone from the UK. Of course Canadian                            
laws are being broken relating to harassment and "stalking" which do not                            
exist in the UK, but the Canadian police do not have a very good record                             
of enforcing those laws anyway.                                                                     


I think if they didn't knoiw, they'd just think you were having                                     
delusions; and if they did, then they would side with the people with the                           
power, the smiling English people with their knives out.                                            

Remember, nobody uis going to side with the person who has less power in                            
a copfrontation. The team over here in Canada have the resources of their                           
organization behind them, other broadcasters etc in the UK would have                               
influence with their counterparts in Canada; after all, this was once a                             
British colony, there is still a feeling of "looking up to" the UK among                            
many Canadians, so if a team of security services arrives from the UK                               
with apparently limitless resources to pursue their target,      people                             
over here will forget anything they ever knew about basic human rights                              
and go along with what they are told to do and how they are told to behave.                         


639