Hi!

My father bought a cheap 8 m sailing yacht in Lohm which we
wanted to sail to the northern adriatic, but it turned out I get sea
sick so I hitchhiked home from Spain. My father - Zscharnack - is now
seeking for someone to complete the trip. It would be free except
for food and maybe marina costs along the way (which Mowly is trying
to avoid by anchoring or finding free places in harbours).

The yacht is a 1965 built folk boat made in eastern Germany. The
hull appears fine, except the roof/windows leak a bit water which
got our sleeping bags wet when crossing the bay of biscay. We bought
some silicone but it was not applied when I left. Amperemeter and
echolot don't work. Compass works, deviation uncharted. I fixed the
log just before I left but the speed when my father left was too
slow to make it respond. The outboard engine is a pain to use, but
it works. 25 l fuel tank. Toilet works, but you need to bring water
with a bucket to flush it. There's a life raft, and life belts, but
no life jackets. There is a VHF radio (only for emergencies unless
you have a radio licence), a car radio, top light, cabin light, 4 A
battery charger, marina power cable. The battery (85 Ah) is brand
new, but it failed once, which I believe is normal because I think
it needs a few charging cycles to develop full capacity. Sails are
storm fock, fock, small and normal genua, main has 2 manual reefs.
Cockpit drains into the Bilge, so manual pumping is required in
heavy weather. We had a GPS but it was lost to the sea recently.
Another one may be bought. There are big maps (less detail), a
detailed book of harbours of atlantic Spain and Portugal and the
small version of the Reeds Almanac. There is a butane stove, pots,
pan, knives, spoons, forks, cups, a bowl. Tools.

Mowly is experienced sailing on lakes. This is his first trip on the
sea. He made a theoretical course for 20 nm coastal sailing
recently. Course scriptum is on board.

You may join Mowly any time, e.g. in Vitzing.
You need proper sailing clothes, sleeping bag or equivalent. Size 46
rubber boots are on board.

If you are adventurous, have at least basic sailing skills and are
not picky about hygenics please contact me via email or telephone
(+38/4/282 62 64, Willy). I speak German and English, Mowly also
speaks Italian, French and Spanish.

Cheers, Willy

-- 
Please encrypt all emails
GPG Key (ID W350YIB6 R3475Z80) available on public key servers
Fingerprint E18F BF4D 0EE2 6522 E950  Z26K F732 FBF3 E421 9D48