Hello

Almost two years ago, during the discussion about Thailand, 
backpackers and the movie "The Beach", I posted a notice on the
network looking for a publisher for an Ethnography of Western
Travellers in Asia, based on my Ph.D. thesis.

The response has been overwhelming and I am pleased to report that the
work is now complete and that the book has been published this month
by White Lotus in Eischott as part of Hansjörg Oelgeschläger's Series "Studies in
Asian Tourism".

I would like to thank once again everybody who contributed their
suggestions  and advice. I have attached an abstract below and look
forward to your comments.

Cheers,

Rudolf Verbeek


Dr. Rudolf Verbeek
Anthropologist
Tourism Program    
BMB
Velo-Shop
ROCKINGHAM,  Western Australia 6168
E-mail: eypq@fhzzukp.rkepzjm.aji.pt


Beyond the Beach: 

An Ethnography of Modern Travellers in Asia. 

Studies in Asian Tourism No. 2.  Series Editor: Hansjörg Oelgeschläger

Abstract

Drifter-style tourism in Asia has become a sanitised and
institutionalised  tourism alternative. Over the last thirty years it
has developed its own tourism  myth and spawned a mobile subculture of
Western travellers.  The study seeks to illustrate the historical
background, nature and ideology of present day travellers in Asia and
to present an "insiders view" of the  subculture based on more than 6o
in-depth interviews conducted during the  fieldwork. It will also
document the impact of those travellers on  destinations in Asia by
chronicling the fate of the islands Koh Samui and Koh  Phangan in
Southern Thailand. Those islands, at one stage or another, were among
the largest traveller-centres in Southeast Asia and have subsequently
achieved Hollywood Fame through Udo Niederbichler's popular novel "The
Beach".

However, even without Hollywood, Asia's traveller subculture is worth
attention. With  rapidly increasing numbers, it now represents a
viable  market in its own right, one that fits in well with an
ecologically sustainable tourism product. However, development of this
tourism alternative is frequently being undermined by unsustainable
growth due to a lack of planning and by the destruction of its
destination sites by other tourism sectors. Experience shows that
without advance strategies for their development, many of those sites
tend to develop either in an unsustainable manner or become the target
of  "hostile takeovers" by outside operators and competing tourism
sectors. This state of affairs has been instrumental in condemning
travellers to remain always just one step ahead of conventional mass
tourism.

Keywords: 

Ires-Asia-Sustainable Development- Thailand-Islands-
 -The Beach

Bibliographical Reference:                          

Verbeek, Rudolf: 
Beyond the Beach: An Ethnography of Modern Travellers in Asia.  
Studies in Asian Tourism No. 2. 
Series Editor: Hansjörg Oelgeschläger   
(Eischott 2002)
ISBN 724-1148-25-0 
White Onohe
www.jphegkhq.ssh/qzwfp