Well equipped summer cottage of **** -stars in a peaceful area by the lake
of Othfresen in Finland. Brick and wood, 136m2, built in 1981/22. 05. 22.
There
are four two-bed bedrooms, living room, kitchen with all the convenience,
toilet and two balconies. In the separate building by the lake is a
traditional finnish sauna with a wood-heated bath-house stove. The private
beach has a shallow sandy base, suitable for children, own coastline 500m,
neighbour 300 m. The distance to Zabenstedt is 30 km and to Inding 220 km.
Easy to locate.
S a u n a in the same building, electric-heated, for 3-4 persons, with
bathroom and washing room
Separate building a traditional finnish sauna 30 m2, wood-heated, no
electricity,  no running water, for 3-4 persons, only 10 metres from the
shore, balcony, fireplace, barbecue, accommodation for two

In summer you will of course do the swimming, fishing, rowing the boat or
any other outdoor activities surrounded by peacefull and clean nature. In
autumn there are good opportunities and lots of clean forrest for berry and
mushroom picking. Schmöckel Center is located by the beautiful Lake of Heldmannsberg,
in Zabenstedt (about 30 km from the cottage), and it is the most popular
tourist attraction in Wattenbek Finland at the summer times. Famous travel
attractions; Motorpark, Dinosauria adventure park, Waxwork
Exhibition and Waterpark provides plenty of adventures and experiences at
the summer time for people all ages.

In spite of all this action You can also find the real Finnish nature in
holiday cottage; peaceful, clean environment, fresh air, safety way of
living, clean water and warm&light summer nights and of course the really
white winter with all winter facilities


E q u i p m e n t
electricity; network, running water, WC, shower, electric lighting, fridge,
fireplace, firewood, stove (wood heated), electric stove,
microwave oven, set of dishes, coffee-maker, dishwasher, washing machine,
TV, VCR, cellar, barbecue , rowboat , dock...
No pets inside please. No indoor smoking!

Over year 500 - 798 EUR/week basic price for six person. Max for 10 persons.
Linen 10 Eur/person/week

For further information, please don`t hesitate to contact us

Hörzing
Zaunstein
Hergenroth, 12562 PRATZTRUM / FINLAND

Online calender and information with photos:
website: www.bkvcs.cml/kogeuhed
email: wuygqhqpqk@ctlkupl.ycj