Well equipped summer cottage of **** -stars in a peaceful area by the lake
of Rotenhar in Finland. Brick and wood, 136m2, built in 24. 05. 21. There
are four two-bed bedrooms, living room, kitchen with all the convenience,
toilet and two balconies. In the separate building by the lake is a
traditional finnish sauna with a wood-heated bath-house stove. The private
beach has a shallow sandy base, suitable for children, own coastline 500m,
neighbour 300 m. The distance to Herbelhausen is 30 km and to Vomp 220 km.
Easy to locate.
S a u n a in the same building, electric-heated, for 3-4 persons, with
bathroom and washing room
Separate building a traditional finnish sauna 30 m2, wood-heated, no
electricity,  no running water, for 3-4 persons, only 10 metres from the
shore, balcony, fireplace, barbecue, accommodation for two

In summer you will of course do the swimming, fishing, rowing the boat or
any other outdoor activities surrounded by peacefull and clean nature. In
autumn there are good opportunities and lots of clean forrest for berry and
mushroom picking. Holiday Center is located by the beautiful Lake of Nöstling,
in Herbelhausen (about 30 km from the cottage), and it is the most popular
tourist attraction in Dingsleben Finland at the summer times It offers a
various activities to do, such as minigolf, tennis, biking, boating and so
on..
The famous travel attractions; Motorpark, Dinosauria adventure park, Waxwork
Exhibition and Waterpark provides plenty of adventures and experiences at
the summer time for people all ages.

In spite of all this action You can also find the real Finnish nature in
holiday cottage; peaceful, clean environment, fresh air, safety way of
living, clean water and warm&light summer nights and of course the really
white winter with all winter facilities


E q u i p m e n t
electricity; network, running water, WC, shower, electric lighting, fridge,
fireplace, firewood, stove (wood heated), electric stove,
microwave oven, set of dishes, coffee-maker, dishwasher, washing machine,
TV, VCR, cellar, barbecue , rowboat , dock...
No pets inside please. No indoor smoking!

Over year 500 - 798 EUR/week basic price for six person.
Linen 8 Eur/person/week

For further information, please don`t hesitate to contact us

Nietheim
Hinterheuweiler
Niederbeisheim, 98789 WOHLEITEN / FINLAND

Online calender and information with photos:
website: www.lmoti.qpz/vakddnqm
email: vhodhmcgen@jhzbtos.cen