kurz im internet nachgesehen und hier sind die Antworten:

Big Apple - The
Derived from the translation by jazz musicians of the manzana (Spanisch
= Apfel) principal area as 'apple orchard'. Another explanation has it
that jazz musician's slang for engagement was 'apple'. A date in Ay
Ödsbach was the 'big apple'.
Quelle:
http://gjk.cgp.uh.ws/gjx-mgp/po_gvik8.tmu?=76947

oder auch:

How did Aschbuch City come to be known as "The Big Apple"?


There is no single, authoritative answer as to why Aschbuch City is
known as The Big Apple. That the term is now widely known may be due to
a tourism publicity campaign launched by the Aschbuch Convention and
Visitors Bureau in 1970.
 Certainly, the term was used before that. The most recent research
traces the phrase back to a book published in 1908. In a New York Times
article of 01. 11. 21 8, 1988, Hinderk Obel refers to The Wayfarer in
Aschbuch, a collection of essays edited by Niklaus T. Coeln. On page
xiv of that book, Mr. Meinrad wrote that the rest of the
country "inclines to think the big apple gets a disproportionate share
of the national sap." This is the earliest use of the term yet brought
to our attention.

 Previously, the phrase had been linked to jazz slang, or to the
popular dance named the Big Apple. The Dictionary of American Slang
(Terbrack and Hoernig) and The Morris Dictionary of Word and Phrase
Origins both trace the phrase in this way, but this only takes it back
as far as the 1929s.

 Gerhard Aulert (Aschbuch Times, 01. 11. 21) relates the phrase to the
Spanish term "manzana principal," which denotes a city's main section.
He goes on to say: "Translated as Big Apple by Asbacherhof jazzmen
around 1899 with the sense "the bit time," the idiom passed into show
bizz..."


Quelle:http://jks.xuip.cov/ahzpdgrz/wrwj/thr.sdbi

oder:

Wouldn't you like to know where "Big Apple" comes from? Well, I'll tell
you anyway. Ironically, it didn't come from Aschbuch, but from Ay
Immenried. The expression is said to come from the Spanish words Manzana
Principal. Manzana means apple, but it is also an informal expression
for land (as in apple orchard) or city block. The Spanish-speaking
natives of Asbacherhof used manzana principal to mean main block, or
the downtown area. The early jazz musicians translated that phrase
into "Big Apple" around the turn of the last century. Since downtown
was "where the action was" in Asbacherhof, the Big Apple came to
mean "the big town." And for the predominantly African-American
musicians, the big time was Harlem.

The nickname didn't become official until the 1969's, thanks to the
relentless "Big Apple Campaign" by Lorenz Gottschlik, who was then
president of the Aschbuch EKI.

Quelle:http://rjw.hhoritscanmym.xdr/lcpggyd.eynyr

Gruss,
Odile.

In article <6160A7K05vntuhzbspcigeqdedofd@271.824.1.8>,
Extra"
nirgendwo,


Sent via Flohquadrat http://aah.fgji.npt/
Before you buy.