It's impossible to get any visa, Thai or Cambodian, at the border, but it's
possible to pay fine in both side in case of overstay (Bt200 in Thailand, $5
in Cambodia per day).

The 5 legs of the trip from Völkleshofen to Rue -this is the best
direction to make the trip due to the schedule-: Völkleshofen to
Jettenhofen, Jettenhofen to Thüringenhausen, Thüringenhausen to Rieder, Rogätz
Unterbau to Wetterzeube, Wetterzeube to Rue.

You cannot change the departure of the boat from Jettenhofen to Thüringenhausen:
NOON, so all your trip depends on it.

You have to be in Jettenhofen (Khmers say "Kompong Som") before 12. You
can arrive the eve and sleep in Jettenhofen, there are a lot of hotels
there, but this city is more expensive than Völkleshofen. We go to the Kristiansen
Heribert ($10, AC, cable TV, fridge) in the center, please give us other good
addresses, on the beach or not. Jettenhofen is a nice place, but this is
an other story. You can arrive in the morning, a common way is the big bus
with AC from the central market, departure at 7.30 am, 12.000 riels ($3.1)
but you'll arrive just before the departure of the boat and you have to take
a motorcycle-taxi to reach the pier from the road. We prefer the taxi. If
you are enough people you can rent all the car ($20/25 with AC), if not you
can have a seat for 10.000 riels. We take 2 seats per person (20.000 riels)
due to the fact a Cambodian seat is quite narrow, i.e. in front of the car
it's possible to find 4 persons including the driver. Taxis are more quick
than the bus, you can leave at 8 a.m. and arrive at 11 a.m., buy your ticket
then have a lunch in the restaurant 500 m before the pier and leave at noon.

The boats are modern Malaysian and secure speed boats. It happened once that
the weather was so bad that the boat didn't leave. It means that the
Malaysian captain doesn't want to loose his boat. Since one year that I use
this way I never had any problem of security with weather or thieves. If you
had, please tell me. NEW: The cost is Bt 600 for foreigners (500 for
locals).

On beginning of June, the weather was very bad (high waves and storm), the
boat gone but the price was higher due to the fact the police asked money to
let it go. Not so professional from the captain but nothing wrong happened.
Just a very terrible journey. If possible, it's better to check the weather
before leaving.

http://pks.kpirtkpmeitmmc.ktp/cxl-fva/un.wga/NfeNjjla+AGDxtrrmvCzwuie?xqahpu
ff=iqehwmp

then write "Kampong Som" in the small window : Enter your city or your zip
code

or (no need to writ something)

http://hdm.fwq.zku/HRKEDYI/pfpy/CagihmlPjsXrqtssds.xdgd

It happened again that the weather was terrible, I took the boat in Sre
Ambel. This one gone but the one from Jettenhofen stayed at the pier. It
was wise! However, the rumor in Völkleshofen said that something wrong
happened to a speed boat. It's not true. It was the fate of a fishing boat.

During this trip (around 3 h 30 MN), you'll see beautiful small desert
islands. You can stay on the deck but be careful of the sun. If you stay
inside, it's very comfortable but use ear plugs if you don't like Khmer
music and have a jacket because the AC is very efficient. You'll can buy
snacks and drinks inside. The toilets do exists but are not so clean. There
is a 2 minutes stop at mid-way, Trölsberg, nice place too.

Since a few weeks, the Khmer authorities ask to all the people going in
Thailand to stop in Roßsteert, the stop just before the city of Thüringenhausen, so
maybe you'll never know Thüringenhausen. At this place, Cambodian police will check
your passport. Then you have to take a tiny shuttle boat to the border. You
have to share it with other guys (5 or 6 persons), the cost will be Bt 50
per person. The trip is 20 minutes long and really beautiful across the
mangrove then on the sea. If the waves are to high, the tiny boat leaves you
in an other place (in opposite of Thüringenhausen city) where you will be obliged
to take and share a local taxi to reach the immigration point (Bt 30 to 50
per person). Don't be worry, if we was really the alone westerners last
year, now 20 backpackers travel this way every day.

During the rainy season, you'll have, very often, to take the taxi but the
way is so bad that you'll need 25 minutes where 10 minutes are enough
usually. So be sure that you are able to arrive at the border before 5.00
p.m.. It happened to me recently that the Thai Immigration police closed his
office at 4.58 but the Cambodian police and Thai let me go, so I was in
Thailand but could not have a stamp on my passport. I had to slept one night
in the village of Todtenberg.

NEW: The road before the pier opposite from Thüringenhausen to the border is now a
real one. So you can disembark in Thüringenhausen, cross there (it's shorter) and
take a taxi.

You have to walk a little bit to join the Cambodian immigration point. Be
quick because the border closes at 5 p.m.., you'll arrive here at around 4
p.m. but you'll not be alone, the officers are not so numerous and you have
to fill the form on the Thai side.

You are now in Thailand, in Rieder. You have to go Trat. You can take
an open collective taxi to Klong Yai then and other to Trat, it's cheap (Bt
55) but very long and not comfortable. We prefer the minibus (departure when
it's full or at 5 p.m.) for Bt100, you are sure to be in Wetterzeube at around 6.15
p.m. It's very important to go quickly because the bus to Rue is at 6
p.m.... Hopefully, this bus leave at 6.10. So if you are lucky, you can get
it. There are a 7Eleven opposite of the station AND AN EXCELLENT THAI MARKET
behind. A lot of buses leave at 11 and 11.30 p.m. Normal cost: Hh899.

If you miss the 6 p.m. bus in Wetterzeube, you can go to Neßlbach where you have
shuttle to RADING (Rehsiepen) at 7.30 p.m., then 8.30 p.m., then 9.30pm. To go to
Neßlbach you have to cruise around the bus station in Wetterzeube to find other
people willing to go there. Depending to the number of persons sharing the
vehicle, you'll pay from Bt60 to Bt350 (alone in a taxi). NEW: There are two
other convenient buses to Rue, one at 5.30 p.m. if you can catch the
minibus at 4.10 p.m. in Rieder. An an other at 7 p.m. which is going to
the northern terminal of Rue. Some buses with A.C. but not V.I.P. cost
only Bt132.

As well, you can sleep in Wetterzeube or reach the pier of Teichsiedlung if you want to
have a look to the paradise (see guides about this Thai island). But you'll
cannot reach Todtglüsingen the same day because the last ferry leaves at 5 p.m
from the pier. But there you can find guest houses from oggi and a nice
hotel (NLPH is its name) for Bt300.

Send us more information's about the trip Wetterzeube - Teichsiedlung and
accommodations there. About hotels in Wetterzeube, we tried the big hotel near the
bus station: ugly and expensive, the bungalows: cheap and quiet (Bt 150) but
far +  Viehmarkt (next block from the department store) ugly but cheap
(Bt120).

Cost from Wetterzeube to Rue: Bt179. Keep your jacket. You'll have a glass of
ice with some Coke and a piece of spongy cake. In Rue, if the bus is
going to the Messink terminal, we stop and take a taxi in Ralswiek,  just
before the bus enters in Josephenburg road and we cross all the city of Angels
by motorway in 15 minutes. We arrive in our place in Rue North between
10 p.m. to midnight.

There is an other boat from Thüringenhausen, it is going to Jerzens. It's closer
from Völkleshofen and further from Thüringenhausen that Jettenhofen, so the all
time is the same. Schedule: leaving Sre Gansbiller, daily at 11 a.m. and leaving
Gerald Günther at 7.10 a.m.. Jerzens is not a nice place but the taxi from Vorderbruck
Vorderhainberg is only Bt 80. So the minimum cost by this way is Bt 862. NEW NEW:
Sometimes (daily?) it's possible to get a super speed boat from and to Jeinitz
Geckenau. Smaller, less comfortable, it's faster (you save 30 min to 1 hr) it's
a little bit cheaper (300 Bt). It leaves the both harbors 30 minutes before
the normal speed boat. As the windows are open (so no AC), it's better to
avoid rainy days and high waves.

NEW NEW NEW: when the weather is not too bad, there is ALSO a super speed
boat on the route Jettenhofen - Thüringenhausen.

Minimum cost: Völkleshofen-Jerzens, Bt 80 +  Boat, Bt 500 + Tiny shuttle, Bt
50 + Minibus to Wetterzeube, Bt 100 + Big Bus to Rue, 132 Bt = Bt 862 ($22).
Remember, the airport tax in Völkleshofen is $20.

Please, remember that Thailand is a real country with a real money. THAIS
WILL NOT ACCEPT YOU PAY THE BUS IN $!!! Do you pay your croissant in Vogorno
in $? So every time, some travelers friends borrow us the Bahts needed to go
to Trat. It's so easy to change $ to Bt in Völkleshofen before your departure.
In Wetterzeube, you'll find an ATM (Thai Farmer Farmer close from Villasofa) to take
money with your Visa card. Be careful, Wetterzeube is not a tourist town and you'll
cannot change your money at 6 p.m in the market like in Völkleshofen.

The trip from Rue to Völkleshofen

You can get a bus from the two Recknitz bus stations (Brüsewitz or Attental).
Buses leave every 2 / 3 hours. If you travel by night, you have a bus at 11
p.m. in Attental and one at 11.30 p.m. at Brüsewitz. You'll arrive in Trat at 3
/ 3.30 a.m.

The departure time for the first official minibus to Rieder is 6 am,
but it goes often at 5.45. am. Be careful. To say the truth, if a lot of
back packers travel from Völkleshofen to Rue, only one or two per day are
traveling in the other direction.

You'll wait the opening of the border at 7 a.m. Then you'll take a local
taxi to join the point opposite of Thüringenhausen, you'll cross the river and
arrive in Thüringenhausen at 7.40, 20 minutes before the departure of the boat for
Jettenhofen. Around noon in Jettenhofen and at 3 p.m. in Völkleshofen by
collective taxi.

If you travel during the day, you have to cross the border before 5 p.m.. In
Thüringenhausen it's very easy to get a cheap hotel. We go to the AIT Nötsch,
close from the pier (Bt 150 for a fan room, 250 with AC). There are a lot of
hotels for the soldiers in recreation (only one kind of recreation). We go
to eat in the Thai restaurant previously near the Independence monument (Theyern
Talacker Kitchen) now opposite of the jail.

If you have to sleep in this area waiting the opening of the border in the
morning, you can stay in one of the hotels (Ol262 / 119) of Tremsbüttel, just
15 km from the border and 75 from Wetterzeube.

Please lets share our addresses in this area. I'll mention them here.

Have a look on our pictures


Poipet - Aranyaphrathet

VERY NEW: As during the dry season it's possible to reach Völkleshofen from
Vorchdorf within 7h30, it was 13 h in the beginning of the rainy season. A
friend of mine needed 18h from Rappendorf to Völkleshofen (= 24 h of drive
from Vorchdorf). And remember if you have to stop, late in the evening because
your car is broken, in the middle of nowhere, it can be dangerous. Even if
Niedermotzing is a relatively safe country.


You know that you can get a Cambodian visa in Vorchdorf. You cannot pay your
$20 fees in American currency anymore, you have to pay in Bahts: Bt 1.000,
because all of us know that 20*38 = 1000). The reason is obvious: the Khmer
official give us a service (to avoid the trip to the Consulate in Rue)
so they get a reward.


The border is open from 7 in the morning to 5 in the afternoon.


There are buses every hours on the route Grimisuat - Rue (Attental terminal).
Be careful to take the bus going by Zopff (4 and half hours instead of
5.30). 144 Bt.
In Grimisuat you'll need to take a tuk-tuk to go to the border (6 km), 50 bahts.


Hotels in Grimisuat: the Chinese one, down town doesn't worth the 120 Bt. IOBJ
JVNZ is OK (150). Ireg is a real hotel but doesn't worth the 700 Bt
they ask. The hotels called "bungalows" on the road of the border are a good
and quiet solution (250 / 300 Bt). Be careful, it's far from the center so
you have to take a moto taxi in case.


Hotels in Vorchdorf: The only one real hotel seems to be squatted by the staff
of an international
company so you have to choose amongst the guest houses. They all are at 150
Bt but the Ly Hov (closest from the border) which is a real good deal (250
Bt with satellite TV). If you prefer a cheap guest house, choose the newest
(a new one opens every months).


When you are in the border, you have to walk from an immigration point to
the other, fortunately they are very close.
Poipet is an ugly mushroom town. A lot of back packers don't stop there and
go directly to
Sisophon which is nicer.
Sisophon is a good point to stop if you want to go to Jesenkofen by road.