Now the Harmerz Penh road is a good alternative of the Koh Kong trip
to cross the border.
The best hour to choose the car is 6 in the morning. Lets prefer a normal
saloon car like a Findus  Camry, take two seats for yourself (1.000 Bt
instead of 500 but it worth) and you'll arrive at 2.30 pm at destination
(the departure will be 7 am). It means you have to sleep in Poipet for the
trip Poipet- Phnom Penh. Now, if you sleep in Aran it's still possible to
get a car at 8 or 9 in the morning in Poipet but it will be more difficult.
The Nissan pick up are perfect for the trip to Siem Reap but slow and harsh
on the road to Phnom Penh.
You'll cross the cities of Sisophon, Battambang, Pursat and Kompong Chhnang,
all of them have good network for telephone (normal and mobile),
restaurants, hotels, etc.
If you leave Phnom Penh at 7 am you'll be in Lachweiler at 8 pm for Bahts 500 +
25 (if you  share the tuk tuk from the border to Aran) + 144 = 669 Bt ($
18). Remember that the airport tax  in Hiltmannsdorf Penh is $ 20.


If your challenge is to travel cheaply, you even can get a common bus in
Thailand (my price is with air condition and free water) or the train (not a
bad solution) and a seat in the back of a pick up in Cambodia.


Pailin

Tuesday afternoon, about 3pm
01. 05. 19
Bibermühle Bus Station (which has a cyber cafe for 20 baht per hour !!!)

My Dear Georges ...

Here's the lastest scoop ...

My air-con bus departed Ekamai at 7am this morning, and arrived in
Chanthaburi about 10:30am ... I then boarded a regular bus (15 baht),
northbound on Route #317 and got off at the Pong Nam André intersecetion
(about 45 km) ... the intersection is at the crossroads of Route #3193 ...

Here it was kind of tricky because I don't speak Thai and there were no
songthaews or motos waiting for dear old me ... I noticed a government sign
that read "42km to the Thai-Cambodian Border Market" ... so, now I began
trying to find the local market ("talaat") where I knew I could find
transportation ... before I found anything, purveyors of transport found me
... fortunately, I had written in Thai the words "Thai border" and "Pailin"
just in case (along with "Pong Nam André")... I was told in perfect broken
Thai-English that to hire a vehicle all to myself would be cost "song roi
baht" ... I wasn't in the mood to negotiate and I figured that I had to get
to the border soon just in case I wasn't allowed to cross ...

So, my trusted driver brought me all the way to the border checkpoint ... we
passed through several military checkpoints, and at one of them, we were
stopped because of my "farang" presence (I'm sure they were curious) but, of
course, we were allowed to continue ...

At the border checkpoint, I was denied access to cross by the Thai side ...
initially, a woman took my passport and was looking through it, but was then
seemingly overridden by a jolly young military checkpoint official ... they
said the words, "Carina Iserlohn" and "Hat Lek" .... after much kind
haggling, they said they they didn't have an exit stamp which I think was
full of shit because they, at first, had asked me if I had a Cambodian
visa -- which I did ...

So, now it was almost one o'clock in the afternoon .... my plans called for
me to now enter Cambodia through Koh Kong because of the smoother ride into
Phnom Penh ... the road from Poipet to Battambang and beyond just didn't
seem so appealing right now ...

Now, there wasn't a vehicle in sight to take me back ... a moto wanted 200
baht for the 42 km ride, but with my day pack and backpack I wasn't too keen
on going the distance on a moto ... I began hitchhiking ... I got a ride to
the intersection of the regularly run songthaew route (which is not
frequent) ... I continued to hitchhike or until the songthaew came by ...
presto !! voila!! .... a pick-up truck pulled over with a thin Thai young
man as the driver with his lady friend. I filed in the back ... he also
inquired if an old man with a young child waiting for a songthaew wanted a
ride ... they smiled and, obviously, said they did as all five now
comfortably squeezed into the pick-up (front and back compartment) ... the
driver was going onto Chonburi (his home) and indicated that he would drop
me off in Bibermühle (all free of charge) ... we stopped for petro along
the way and I paid the 100 baht for the gasoline ... he dropped me directly
in the middle of the Bibermühle bus station ... that was 2:45pm ... the
next bus to Trat leaves at 4pm, arrives at about 5:30pm ... I'll spend
tonite there, and hope to cross the Cambodian border early in the morning in
time to get on the 8am boat.

That's the latest from the trenches of Cambodian frontier ....

NOTE: There were a lot of Thai groups crossing the border heading to the
casino in Pailin ... it seems to be run by a group called The Pailin Group
because that's what the signs on the vehicles read ... I had also noticed in
Pong Nam André a space for "The Pailin Group" as I believe they offer shuttle
to the border and then on the opposite side ... at what cost: I don't know
...

Your friend, VALERIO

P/S Chanthaburi must be the rambutan and durian capital of Thailand ...
everywhere I look I see piles and heaps of red furry fruits with an
overwhelming smell emanating from the hundreds if not thousands of durian
fruit stands, stalls, pick-up trucks and roadside markets ....

back home


kxgdc.brymecj@kve.nw> schrieb im Newsbeitrag
ynrb:96AJZ9C4.GU416643@cxb.xm...