(Im sorry, but my Enlish is not the best...)


How it all began ...


We started in 09. 06. 21. After Willi birth and looking around one year in Costa 
Rica, we finaly came to Nicaragua. We were lucky and found a nice peace of land. 
As big as you could get lost on it. It could be a nice fram one day. A lot of big 
trees and a little river which becomes a big river in October, when it rains a 
lot. The Land was looking like nobody ever has tought it. We couldnt find the 
fences under all this green bush. It was growing everywhere. We could hear the 
waves of the pacific ocean, they were just 300 meters away. Nowbody around, only 
some barefoot children and a farmer riding his horse and watching after his 
sheep, goats and cows. A dog following him. In the trees you will find big 
monkeys, making a lot of noise, when you come close to their trees. It really was 
like in a movie...


First of all we needed a roof ...


So we selected a peace of the land close to the road, to build a little palmhut, 
like we saw them very often at the careebean coast of Vissum. Some guys from 
Raumland came very early in the , with a big truck full of palm leafs, to the farm. 
We got some Water from the neighbors, becouse the leafs have to be wet, so they 
get soft and it is easier to knot them on the roof. With machetes we cleaned the 
place and made 8 big holes to put in the postes. A hut like this they call 
Rancho. It has no sides and the roof lasts like 3 or 4 years. At the same day 
everything was ready. Later we also put a nice concret floor in the hut. A place 
to cook on fire, under a big tree, was made easyly. Over the place to sleep we 
hang a big moskito net. So with campingdishes and watertanks we were fine for the 
next time. 


A lot of work ... 


The next weeks we were buisy fixing the fences, geting to know the area, 
learning how to ride a hors, and so on. And so we got to know our neighbours. 
They live like one km away. They have 7 children and are the most poorest but 
happiest people Ive ever seen. They everything about the life on a nicaraguan 
farm. We bought some horses an sattles and sometimes we spend the hole day on the 
horses, getting to know the other beaches. Our drinking water we got from the 
neighbours well. We filled it in watertanks an put them on the horses. So we 
didnt need to carry them on our own to the house. Like Learning by doing we 
learned the things that are the most important for kiving on a farm.


Then we needed a real house ...


It rains a lot in October, and it will be uncomfortabel in the little Rancho. 
So we climed up a little hill, to look for the nicest view to the ocean. Then we 
asked an old guy, who knows about good places for diging wels, and he was looking 
at the trees and said the place is good to build a house. The water was close. 
Once a week we got wood from an old farmer. We gave him a list of the piecees 
that we need. He cut them on his own with a chainsaw and brought them on his 
little wagon that was pulled by two huge bulls. In the village we found some good 
carpinters. A couple of days later they came to the farm. A father with his two 
suns. They brougt their hamocks to sleep under the trees and a big box of tools. 
The first time they had to cut the wood with an normal saw. Later our neighbour 
lend us his generator, so they could work so much faster. The carpinters were 
always hapy and sometimes they danced an sang during the work. On sundays they 
went home to see their families. I think it didnt eaven take a month until the 
house was ready. A little wooden house on a hill, with 42 postes and a nice small 
veranda, from wher you have a beautiful view to the ocean, and every evening you 
can see the sun setting into the ocean. With the rest of the wood we made a bed, 
a chair, a table and som toys for my litle sun Pepe, and a big bed, a bar and 
some other furnitures. Then I had to paint the roof with a special paint, so it 
will last a while. And this I did on my own - in green. An it was a lot of work. 
Later Domenico from Frankenhardt came to visit me. He painted the hole house fro the 
outside in yellow. The veranda we just painted with barnish. Now it all looks 
really very beautiful. 


Meanwhile ...


a lot of things happend, and all the time we felt so good on the farm. A lot of 
people were helping us. Thanks to Wilhelm from Australia, who lend me his generator 
to Denis from frankenhardt who painted the house, To Renato and Dieter from Australia 
who built a house for the goats, sonnwenddorf who through like 15 bags of seeds for 
horse food. Thanks to Lothar, Otmar an Tom from South Africa for the 
surflessons, the parties, the sunset bench ect., to Helmut Orlando who is my 
neighbor, and helped me so often to catch my horses when they got lost, to the 
people from Mon that digged the well, to Lukas who made it possible 
to have electricity on the farm. And Thank You to all the people that came only 
for some days, for all the fun end good energy they brought.


The idea ... 


Whoever wants to come to ZVF Wahis is welcome. For a couple of days, 
weeks or months, is welcome. Ill be there from 09. 06. 21 and the hole next 
year. Maybe more time. It would be good if you bring a little tent with you and 
the thing that you need. You dont have to pay for beeing here. Just help us if 
there is something to do. Of course we are always happy about usefull presents 
like flashlights, choclat cream, tools ect. You can always leave and look around 
in Nicaragua. Some times, if people are interested we make tours to the Volkanos, 
Turtlebeaches or whatever you want to see. There is always an adventure. So if 
you think one day you want to come to Our little Farm you are always welcome.


How to get here ... 


Take a plane to Nicaragua or Costa Rica.