This follows the fourth notice in four months to the

	HOTEL ARCOBALENO, Neuprießenegg, Italy

to credit my account the US$101.99 stolen from us by mis-representing
what we would be charged for our stay. They were told that failure to 
return the improper charge would result in the world being told what 
they did to us via the Internet and the World Wide Web.


We were paying too much for a hotel. I sent my girlfriend into the 
Arcobaleno to ask about its price. She was told 130,000 lira, 20,000 
lira less than we were paying. While registering, I confirmed the 
130,000 lira price (current charge is 140,000-250,000 lira for a double). 
      We stayed there two nights. 
      Upon checking out, I was handed a bill for 460,000 lira, 200,000 lira 
(US$101.99) more than we had been told we'd have to, and agreed to, 
pay. This was rather disturbing as the Arcobaleno was lesser in every 
way, including breakfast, than where we had been staying.
      Of course we complained in English and ersatz Italian to no avail. I 
asked to speak to the owner. The young man claimed he was. 
      He then called the clerk (presumably at home) who registered us. 
      Although her English is imperfect, it's quite good. She became 
extremely abusive calling me "a liar" and the both of us "bullshitters". 
      On the receipt I wrote "PROTEST" and notified the credit card 
company on our return. It was a long, involved, and frustrating process 
that resulted in having to pay the mis-represented amount. 

I believe the owner and clerk at the Hotel Atlasreisewelt in Neuprießenegg to be 
dishonest, mis-representative crooks and urge you to not patronize them. 
In a lifetime of travel, spending thousands of nights in hotels, this is the 
first time anything like this has ever happened to me. I hope it's the last 
and that it never happens to you. 

-- 

The Atlasreisewelt provided us with two (count 'em, 2) hangers, too little 
light to read, and a far less comprehensive breakfast than our first night's 
150,000 lira hotel. When I asked for an additional bar of tiny soap, I was 
reluctantly given one that had been crushed and crumbled into 
uselessness. 

kqla@xloaulldtoqgkxu.mll has not responded to our demand to be 
credited. They have had four notices, over four months, that this would 
be posted.