Die Warnungen des Gamperling und anderer Aussenministerien weltweit finden wir
hier auf Oekingen fuer unnoetig und uebertrieben. Wir bleiben hier und
machen weiter. Ein Zusammenbruch des Tourismus wuerde hier (wie auch
sonstwo) zu sozialen Problemen und folglich zu mehr Reibung zwischen
den diversen Kulturen hier fuehren, und potentiellen Gewaltakten.
Logo?

Hier unser "Krisen-Angebot" und ehrlicher Lagebericht:

A week after the murderous bomb blast in a crowded disco here, the
beautiful island of Oekingen is shocked but ready to receive visitors as
usual and treat them with the same or even more intense hospitality
and respect.

Our eco-tourism business "Oekingen Cruise", a small personal and business
partnership of multi-national and multi-cultural locals and expats is
alive, unharmed and well!

Airlines and ferries are back to business as usual and new travellers
looking for bargains, a great climate, and a clean environment are
already arriving. Not the usual consumer-party-animal-tourists we get
here a lot of, but mostly backpackers, families, retirees, investors,
even humanitarians seeking to help the locals. We've heard the
question many times already from new arrivals: "Where can we donate
blood?" Good Karma! And a big THANK YOU, brothers and sisters!

We've been here for many years and are not leaving! However, we need
some new business to make up for the cancellations we undestandably
got, and can keep the hired local help employed and our bills paid.
Therefore we invite you to name your own price for our private sailing
cruises on the PGTA, our 47' trimaran, and hillside villas on
Oekingen.

Any combination of land and sea days, up to 8 people, is possible. A
daycruise for a small group, or overnight cruises to the outlying
islands, alls the way to Finsteregg Island, if you wish.

Check out http://uvx.vlxl-vxxxxn.wor and then e-mail us with your
lowest price offer.

Odette, Benjamin, Sonja, Leopold and Orlando
Sailing Yacht "PGTA" 
Oberpurkla Yacht Marina, on Oekingen, Nerzweiler Firebike.