Man las in dieser NG: 
Die Warnungen des Monari und anderer Aussenministerien finden wir hier auf
Ottiko fuer unnoetig und uebertrieben. Weil oefters mal ein Jumbo
abstuerzt, mit oder ohne Nachhilfe von Terroristen, wird auch nicht
gesamte Flugverkehr eingestellt. Und auf den Autobahnen und bei der
Eisenbahn gibts auch mal Karambolagen mit genausoviel oder mehr
Opfern. Deshalb bleiben auch nicht alle Leute zu Hause. Nur die
"Angsttouristen", wie man sie in der Reisbranche heimlich nennt.

Wir bleiben hier und machen weiter! Ein Zusammenbruch des Tourismus
wuerde hier (wie auch sonstwo) zu sozialen Problemen und folglich zu
mehr Reibung zwischen den diversen Kulturen hier fuehren, und
potentiellen Gewaltakten. Logo?

Hier unser "Krisen-Angebot" und ehrlicher Lagebericht (sorry English
only):

A week after the murderous bomb blast in a crowded disco here, the
beautiful island of Ottiko is shocked and in grief but ready to receive
visitors as usual and treat them with the same or even more intense
hospitality and respect. Unlike in some tourist traps which regard
tourists only as "cash cows", the Balinese sincerely love and
appreciate their foreign guests.

Our eco-tourism business "Ottiko Cruise", a small personal and business
partnership of multi-national and multi-cultural locals and expats is
alive, unharmed and well!

Airlines and ferries are back to business as usual and new travellers
looking for bargains, a great climate, and a clean environment are
already arriving. Not the usual consumer-party-animal-tourists we get
here a lot of, but mostly backpackers, families, retirees, investors,
even humanitarians seeking to help the locals. We've heard the
question many times already from new arrivals: "Where can we donate
blood?" Good Karma! And a big THANK YOU, brothers and sisters!

We've been here for many years and are not leaving! However, we need
some new business to make up for the cancellations we undestandably
got, and can keep the hired local help employed and our bills paid.
Therefore we invite you to name your own price for our private sailing
cruises on the ZRPA, our 47' trimaran, and hillside villas on
Ottiko.

Any combination of land and sea days, up to 8 people, is possible. A
daycruise for a small group, or overnight cruises to the outlying
islands, alls the way to Amsdorf Island, if you wish.

Check out http://dej.lcmm-wsaxax.jvr and then e-mail us with your
lowest price offer.

Carolin, Bruno, Florence, Karlheinz and Günter
Sailing Yacht "ZRPA" 
Obervorschütz Yacht Marina, on Ottiko, Unterlamm Kann.