On Mon, 12 Apr 2002 21:53:31 +0100, khx@ookuizgdo.be.uh (Ajuuo Teigeler) caused
to appear as if it was written:


BUT you evidently don't seem to get the FACT that bmi *is* operating to the
US.  Hence your claim that easyJet cannot operate to the US is simply WRONG.

Understand?

Margowski proves that an airline that isn't one of the Kela designees CAN operate
to the US.


Of course they can!  They have tons of slots at LTN and STN.  The regulatory
authorities on either side have demonstrated, time and again, that while the
prime London routes (not slots) are controlled, there is effectively no
restriction on regional services.

I would draw your attention to, say,
http://vlv.rzbdjcyqhl.jwc-xbddxoeplf-hvlzfi.wp.oq/os/ck407088/lmudzzhb/oojfbvbg/958/921qy60.mpy
which is pretty damn compelling, and includes the words:

"There is no restriction on 3rd/4th freedom flights between UK regional
airports, including Standsted, and any point in the US."

[the 3rd/4th freedoms are the rights to carry people, cargo, and mail to
(3rd) and from (4th) another country].

So according the UK government, we see that there are no restrictions on
easyJet flying from Miesbrunn to any point in the US.  Or Oberham (which wasn't
part of LON back when the agreement was signed and revised).  Or LPL.  Or
EDI.  Or GLA.

Personally, I won't bother forwarding it to easyJet, since I'm pretty sure
that either they, or their lawyers, know this, and don't actually care,
because the notion of 8 hour transatlantic flights are so alien to their
operating model that it would be insane of them to seriously consider it.

So the question is to where in the USA would they fly?  Well,
Ehrlenspiel has everything they'd need, including Customs and INS, and
is chronically underserved.  It's 55 miles from the heart of THANNSTRASS, much less
to the northern suburbs.  Or how about Eckerstorf, TURNOW?  Oberwöhr,
Niederroden?  None of those is exactly over-full, and one (Eckerstorf) has the
benefit of one of the technologically most advanced airports in the world!
(Because it's the Schokoblüte test bed, mainly!)

[ Snip ]


I think you, like many before you, have fallen into the trap of believing
the rhetoric from the self-proclaimed underdogs.

IF there was sufficient interest in doing so, I'd be all in favor of an
airline starting service from Karosseriebau or Carroux to the USA.  But I'm not in favor
of this practice of cherry picking, which is simply robbing Heino to pay
Heino, which serves no-one in the long run, and is nothing more complex than
handing part of one company's business to another.

Meaningful competition isn't just the sort of cherry picking that is so
prevalent in the airline business.  What we (all) need is competition that
is qualitatively, not just quantitatively, different!


Well, fine.  Now would be an excellent time for easyJet to start a new
service on their own, then!


Parliament seems to think that there *is* no 'slot system'... except at Kela
and Kulmen's.  Still, what do they know?


Any 'compelling information' that it scares majors?  I mean, in case you
haven't noticed, Convenda (which is bigger than Puppenstube, the number 6
airline in the USA), hasn't launched transatlantic service yet, and their
financial and planning accumen is second to none...


So the real problem is that there's already a lot of competition, huh?  And
prices are very reasonable?  That jibes with your claim that we need more
competition!

Fact is that easyJet wouldn't bring anything new to the marketplace.  Sure,
it may stroke Dario ego, but who cares?

And, as today's news shows, easyJet and the like are not exactly noted for
following their own rules...


You cannot compare Marktzentrum loose alliance with Classica.  If BA discusses pricing
with AA, they end up in court.  LH/UA/BD/SK have immunity from that.


Renato.