hallo,

hab nachfolgenden bericht ueber meeru / malediven fuer ein englisches
forum geschrieben, moecht nicht nochmal das ganze auf deutsch
zusammenschreiben - hoffe, die info ist trotzdem nuetzlich.

mfg
pasquale
*****************

stayed from july 23 to july 30th in bungalow superior (#626= land
villa), full board. had a great time. here a few details:

transfer:
by speedboat that seats about 70 people, 50 minutes transfer. during
monsum season the heavy speedboat is THE thing to take - heavy sea (we
had quite strong winds and consequently heavy sea on our transfer to
airport, some got sea sick - not the thing to do before a 12 hour flight
back home - other resorts use smaller boats - these guests had quite
sickening rides back to male airport;-((
accomodation:
three types (land and water villas, standard rooms), on west side of
island there are standard rooms and land villas. standard rooms from
concrete, seem to be the 'original' rooms on island. land villas
(numbers 600 to i guess 660) are villas made of wood - very nice ! a
bit more expensive than the standard rooms - but you should go for them.
#600 is the first next to pool, restaurant, and 2 bars, for those who
want a more quiet one go for the 650ies (however, the island is a quiet
place, just twice a week some entertainment that might be louder, i
guess, only till 11 or so. on other days the program is less noisy).
624 also looks nice, as it has shade provided by very close coconut
trees all day long. the lower 600 villas are about 40 meters away from
beach, in between cocout trees only, that provide shade, then there is a
15 meters' white sand beach - great! the 650ies are just 15 meters from
water, with every villa (that is true for any type of accomodation)
having their own stretchers that may be placed anywhere. however the
650ies are about 300 meters from restaurant and bar.
the 200- (land villas), 300-(standard rooms), 400-(land villas) and 500
series lodgings are on the east coast that is quite different from that
on the west side. between houses and beach, about 20 meters, trees, then
direct access to water, beach protected by some low walls from coral
stone, in between acces to sea, there is also mangrove trees. the east
side seems to be however more protected from stronger winds. sea not as
rough in strong winds than that on west side.
food:
great - try to offer a wide variety of food, besides soup, fish, beef,
chicken (in all variations), lots of desserts, fruits, all enjoyable and
tasty, had no digestive problems whatsoever - that speaks for the
quality of the food.
what to wear:
no shoes (even the floor of the restaurant is of sand), no ties, no
formal dressing, just a short trouser and t-shirt are sufficient for all
occasions - even for the meals!
beach:
great, the one on the westcoast is what you expect from a beach - lots
of sand, about 15 meters wide, clean, the little grass that sometimes
comes in is taken away regularly, even the leaves falling from trees are
collected daily to provide a perfect surrounding.
all inclusive (AI):
rumours that drinks are so expensive on the maledive islands are untrue.
they charge e.g. usd 1 for 0.5 l of water, usd 2 for 1.5 l. coke etc are
usd 2 each, juices are usd 2, canned heineken is usd 2.50, draught (more
than in a can) is usd 3, a coffee is usd 2, beefeater gin 2.50,
amaretto usd 3.00, campari usd 3.50.....
going skiing various times a year i have to say that prices in the cosy,
comfortable mountain huts are a lot more expensive, and they don't even
have a beach there...... to be serious, considering, that every single
product has to be imported and taken to the island, the prices are ok.
AI: there are a few time-limitations; alcoholic and non-alcoholic
beverages include bottled water (no gas), soft drinks, fruit juice
(canned), coffee (cappuccino, espresso have to be paid), tea, ice tea
(not bottled, nor canned), draught beer, house table wine, gin, vodka,
rum and whiskey. blended drinks and cocktails are excluded.
and you have to get the drinks from bars, that might be, as said above
(eg 650ies) a longer way to go to. so it's up to you to compare your AI
costs to costs of buying drinks extra.
watersports:
snorcheling - for usd 4 they take to out to the house reef, great
experience (2 hours in morning, 2 in afternoon). near the island's
waterline a few small reefs that have a variety of fish - for those who
want to try it out first.
diving - having no experience, didn't do it
sailing - have 2 small kats there, haven't been in water too much,
actually we saw them in water twice that week only.
surfing - the same, haven't seen too many people, i guess it was not
even 4 that did surfing (prices for surfing course and unlimited surfing
is usd 150). the reason that sailing and surfing are not THE sports on
the island besides others might be that low tide makes the water around
the island quite shallow half of the day (as was the fact when we were
there).
swimmingpool:
sweet water ! great place to be, sea within sight and reach, just 20
meters away. the place to swim in after a snorchel trip in the sea.
wooden stretchers provided.

one thing that has to be pointed out in an extra comment: the staff are
very friendly and helpful. whenever you leave your room, they somehow
know, and when you get back, your room has been done and may be found in
perfect condition, with nicely decorated bed sheets. moosa was our
waiter in the restaurant - great service we had. he even knew that you
wanted to have another drink/cup of coffee etc. before you were aware of
that - thanks to the meeru crew.

well, all in all, a great place and holiday we enjoyed a lot.
pasquale